#EXTM3U
#EXTINF:0,24 Tv  
https://ottcdn.kablowebtv.net/live_turksat_sub3/24tv_stream/index.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNC8yMDI1IDY6MTU6MTAgUE0maGFzaF92YWx1ZT1WUEx0ZHVOZ2x4RVN2dzVvQk1OeitnPT0mdmFsaWRtaW51dGVzPTI4ODAmaWQ9MDkzZDcyMGEtNTAyYy00MWVkLWE4MGYtMmI4MTY5ODRmYjk1LDg5NzQxZmVjLTFkMzMtNGMwMC1hZmNkLTNmZGFmZTBiNmEyZCwxNTJiZDUzOS02MjIwLTQ0MjctYTkxNS1iZjRiZDA2OGQ3ZTgsYTY5OWI4M2YtODI2Yi00ZDk5LTkzNjEtYzhhMzEzMjE4ZDQ2LDAsOjpmZmZmOjEwLjAuMC41
#EXTINF:0,360    
https://ottcdn.kablowebtv.net/live_turksat_sub3/360tv_stream/index.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNC8yMDI1IDY6MTU6MTAgUE0maGFzaF92YWx1ZT1WUEx0ZHVOZ2x4RVN2dzVvQk1OeitnPT0mdmFsaWRtaW51dGVzPTI4ODAmaWQ9MDkzZDcyMGEtNTAyYy00MWVkLWE4MGYtMmI4MTY5ODRmYjk1LDg5NzQxZmVjLTFkMzMtNGMwMC1hZmNkLTNmZGFmZTBiNmEyZCwxNTJiZDUzOS02MjIwLTQ0MjctYTkxNS1iZjRiZDA2OGQ3ZTgsYTY5OWI4M2YtODI2Yi00ZDk5LTkzNjEtYzhhMzEzMjE4ZDQ2LDAsOjpmZmZmOjEwLjAuMC41
#EXTINF:0,Tv 8 - 5
https://ottcdn.kablowebtv.net/live_turksat_sub3/tv8_5_stream/index.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNC8yMDI1IDY6MTU6MTAgUE0maGFzaF92YWx1ZT1WUEx0ZHVOZ2x4RVN2dzVvQk1OeitnPT0mdmFsaWRtaW51dGVzPTI4ODAmaWQ9MDkzZDcyMGEtNTAyYy00MWVkLWE4MGYtMmI4MTY5ODRmYjk1LDg5NzQxZmVjLTFkMzMtNGMwMC1hZmNkLTNmZGFmZTBiNmEyZCwxNTJiZDUzOS02MjIwLTQ0MjctYTkxNS1iZjRiZDA2OGQ3ZTgsYTY5OWI4M2YtODI2Yi00ZDk5LTkzNjEtYzhhMzEzMjE4ZDQ2LDAsOjpmZmZmOjEwLjAuMC41
#EXTINF:0,A Haber  
https://ottcdn.kablowebtv.net/live_turksat_sub3/ahaber_stream/index.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNC8yMDI1IDY6MTU6MTAgUE0maGFzaF92YWx1ZT1WUEx0ZHVOZ2x4RVN2dzVvQk1OeitnPT0mdmFsaWRtaW51dGVzPTI4ODAmaWQ9MDkzZDcyMGEtNTAyYy00MWVkLWE4MGYtMmI4MTY5ODRmYjk1LDg5NzQxZmVjLTFkMzMtNGMwMC1hZmNkLTNmZGFmZTBiNmEyZCwxNTJiZDUzOS02MjIwLTQ0MjctYTkxNS1iZjRiZDA2OGQ3ZTgsYTY5OWI4M2YtODI2Yi00ZDk5LTkzNjEtYzhhMzEzMjE4ZDQ2LDAsOjpmZmZmOjEwLjAuMC41
#EXTINF:0,A News
https://ottcdn.kablowebtv.net/live_turksat_sub3/anews_stream/index.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNC8yMDI1IDY6MTU6MTAgUE0maGFzaF92YWx1ZT1WUEx0ZHVOZ2x4RVN2dzVvQk1OeitnPT0mdmFsaWRtaW51dGVzPTI4ODAmaWQ9MDkzZDcyMGEtNTAyYy00MWVkLWE4MGYtMmI4MTY5ODRmYjk1LDg5NzQxZmVjLTFkMzMtNGMwMC1hZmNkLTNmZGFmZTBiNmEyZCwxNTJiZDUzOS02MjIwLTQ0MjctYTkxNS1iZjRiZDA2OGQ3ZTgsYTY5OWI4M2YtODI2Yi00ZDk5LTkzNjEtYzhhMzEzMjE4ZDQ2LDAsOjpmZmZmOjEwLjAuMC41
#EXTINF:0,A Para
https://ottcdn.kablowebtv.net/live_turksat_sub3/apara_stream/index.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNC8yMDI1IDY6MTU6MTAgUE0maGFzaF92YWx1ZT1WUEx0ZHVOZ2x4RVN2dzVvQk1OeitnPT0mdmFsaWRtaW51dGVzPTI4ODAmaWQ9MDkzZDcyMGEtNTAyYy00MWVkLWE4MGYtMmI4MTY5ODRmYjk1LDg5NzQxZmVjLTFkMzMtNGMwMC1hZmNkLTNmZGFmZTBiNmEyZCwxNTJiZDUzOS02MjIwLTQ0MjctYTkxNS1iZjRiZDA2OGQ3ZTgsYTY5OWI4M2YtODI2Yi00ZDk5LTkzNjEtYzhhMzEzMjE4ZDQ2LDAsOjpmZmZmOjEwLjAuMC41
#EXTINF:0,A Spor  
https://ottcdn.kablowebtv.net/live_turksat_sub3/aspor_stream/index.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNC8yMDI1IDY6MTU6MTAgUE0maGFzaF92YWx1ZT1WUEx0ZHVOZ2x4RVN2dzVvQk1OeitnPT0mdmFsaWRtaW51dGVzPTI4ODAmaWQ9MDkzZDcyMGEtNTAyYy00MWVkLWE4MGYtMmI4MTY5ODRmYjk1LDg5NzQxZmVjLTFkMzMtNGMwMC1hZmNkLTNmZGFmZTBiNmEyZCwxNTJiZDUzOS02MjIwLTQ0MjctYTkxNS1iZjRiZDA2OGQ3ZTgsYTY5OWI4M2YtODI2Yi00ZDk5LTkzNjEtYzhhMzEzMjE4ZDQ2LDAsOjpmZmZmOjEwLjAuMC41
#EXTINF:0,a2      
https://ottcdn.kablowebtv.net/live_turksat_sub3/a2_stream/index.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNC8yMDI1IDY6MTU6MTAgUE0maGFzaF92YWx1ZT1WUEx0ZHVOZ2x4RVN2dzVvQk1OeitnPT0mdmFsaWRtaW51dGVzPTI4ODAmaWQ9MDkzZDcyMGEtNTAyYy00MWVkLWE4MGYtMmI4MTY5ODRmYjk1LDg5NzQxZmVjLTFkMzMtNGMwMC1hZmNkLTNmZGFmZTBiNmEyZCwxNTJiZDUzOS02MjIwLTQ0MjctYTkxNS1iZjRiZDA2OGQ3ZTgsYTY5OWI4M2YtODI2Yi00ZDk5LTkzNjEtYzhhMzEzMjE4ZDQ2LDAsOjpmZmZmOjEwLjAuMC41
#EXTINF:0,Akit Tv
https://ottcdn.kablowebtv.net/live_turksat_sub3/akittv_stream/index.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNC8yMDI1IDY6MTU6MTAgUE0maGFzaF92YWx1ZT1WUEx0ZHVOZ2x4RVN2dzVvQk1OeitnPT0mdmFsaWRtaW51dGVzPTI4ODAmaWQ9MDkzZDcyMGEtNTAyYy00MWVkLWE4MGYtMmI4MTY5ODRmYjk1LDg5NzQxZmVjLTFkMzMtNGMwMC1hZmNkLTNmZGFmZTBiNmEyZCwxNTJiZDUzOS02MjIwLTQ0MjctYTkxNS1iZjRiZDA2OGQ3ZTgsYTY5OWI4M2YtODI2Yi00ZDk5LTkzNjEtYzhhMzEzMjE4ZDQ2LDAsOjpmZmZmOjEwLjAuMC41
#EXTINF:0,Al Jazeera (Arap a)
https://ottcdn.kablowebtv.net/live_turksat_sub3/aljazeeraarabic_stream/index.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNC8yMDI1IDY6MTU6MTAgUE0maGFzaF92YWx1ZT1WUEx0ZHVOZ2x4RVN2dzVvQk1OeitnPT0mdmFsaWRtaW51dGVzPTI4ODAmaWQ9MDkzZDcyMGEtNTAyYy00MWVkLWE4MGYtMmI4MTY5ODRmYjk1LDg5NzQxZmVjLTFkMzMtNGMwMC1hZmNkLTNmZGFmZTBiNmEyZCwxNTJiZDUzOS02MjIwLTQ0MjctYTkxNS1iZjRiZDA2OGQ3ZTgsYTY5OWI4M2YtODI2Yi00ZDk5LTkzNjEtYzhhMzEzMjE4ZDQ2LDAsOjpmZmZmOjEwLjAuMC41
#EXTINF:0,Al Jazeera (English)
https://ottcdn.kablowebtv.net/live_turksat_sub3/aljazeeraint_stream/index.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNC8yMDI1IDY6MTU6MTAgUE0maGFzaF92YWx1ZT1WUEx0ZHVOZ2x4RVN2dzVvQk1OeitnPT0mdmFsaWRtaW51dGVzPTI4ODAmaWQ9MDkzZDcyMGEtNTAyYy00MWVkLWE4MGYtMmI4MTY5ODRmYjk1LDg5NzQxZmVjLTFkMzMtNGMwMC1hZmNkLTNmZGFmZTBiNmEyZCwxNTJiZDUzOS02MjIwLTQ0MjctYTkxNS1iZjRiZDA2OGQ3ZTgsYTY5OWI4M2YtODI2Yi00ZDk5LTkzNjEtYzhhMzEzMjE4ZDQ2LDAsOjpmZmZmOjEwLjAuMC41
#EXTINF:0,Al Quran Al Kareem
https://ottcdn.kablowebtv.net/live_turksat_sub3/alquran_stream/index.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNC8yMDI1IDY6MTU6MTAgUE0maGFzaF92YWx1ZT1WUEx0ZHVOZ2x4RVN2dzVvQk1OeitnPT0mdmFsaWRtaW51dGVzPTI4ODAmaWQ9MDkzZDcyMGEtNTAyYy00MWVkLWE4MGYtMmI4MTY5ODRmYjk1LDg5NzQxZmVjLTFkMzMtNGMwMC1hZmNkLTNmZGFmZTBiNmEyZCwxNTJiZDUzOS02MjIwLTQ0MjctYTkxNS1iZjRiZDA2OGQ3ZTgsYTY5OWI4M2YtODI2Yi00ZDk5LTkzNjEtYzhhMzEzMjE4ZDQ2LDAsOjpmZmZmOjEwLjAuMC41
#EXTINF:0,Al Sunnah Al Nabawiyah
https://ottcdn.kablowebtv.net/live_turksat_sub3/alsunnah_stream/index.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNC8yMDI1IDY6MTU6MTAgUE0maGFzaF92YWx1ZT1WUEx0ZHVOZ2x4RVN2dzVvQk1OeitnPT0mdmFsaWRtaW51dGVzPTI4ODAmaWQ9MDkzZDcyMGEtNTAyYy00MWVkLWE4MGYtMmI4MTY5ODRmYjk1LDg5NzQxZmVjLTFkMzMtNGMwMC1hZmNkLTNmZGFmZTBiNmEyZCwxNTJiZDUzOS02MjIwLTQ0MjctYTkxNS1iZjRiZDA2OGQ3ZTgsYTY5OWI4M2YtODI2Yi00ZDk5LTkzNjEtYzhhMzEzMjE4ZDQ2LDAsOjpmZmZmOjEwLjAuMC41
#EXTINF:0,Arirang
https://ottcdn.kablowebtv.net/live_turksat_sub3/arirang_stream/index.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNC8yMDI1IDY6MTU6MTAgUE0maGFzaF92YWx1ZT1WUEx0ZHVOZ2x4RVN2dzVvQk1OeitnPT0mdmFsaWRtaW51dGVzPTI4ODAmaWQ9MDkzZDcyMGEtNTAyYy00MWVkLWE4MGYtMmI4MTY5ODRmYjk1LDg5NzQxZmVjLTFkMzMtNGMwMC1hZmNkLTNmZGFmZTBiNmEyZCwxNTJiZDUzOS02MjIwLTQ0MjctYTkxNS1iZjRiZDA2OGQ3ZTgsYTY5OWI4M2YtODI2Yi00ZDk5LTkzNjEtYzhhMzEzMjE4ZDQ2LDAsOjpmZmZmOjEwLjAuMC41
#EXTINF:0,As Tv
https://ottcdn.kablowebtv.net/live_turksat_sub3/astv_stream/index.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNC8yMDI1IDY6MTU6MTAgUE0maGFzaF92YWx1ZT1WUEx0ZHVOZ2x4RVN2dzVvQk1OeitnPT0mdmFsaWRtaW51dGVzPTI4ODAmaWQ9MDkzZDcyMGEtNTAyYy00MWVkLWE4MGYtMmI4MTY5ODRmYjk1LDg5NzQxZmVjLTFkMzMtNGMwMC1hZmNkLTNmZGFmZTBiNmEyZCwxNTJiZDUzOS02MjIwLTQ0MjctYTkxNS1iZjRiZDA2OGQ3ZTgsYTY5OWI4M2YtODI2Yi00ZDk5LTkzNjEtYzhhMzEzMjE4ZDQ2LDAsOjpmZmZmOjEwLjAuMC41
#EXTINF:0,Atv    
https://ottcdn.kablowebtv.net/live_turksat_sub3/atv_stream/index.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNC8yMDI1IDY6MTU6MTAgUE0maGFzaF92YWx1ZT1WUEx0ZHVOZ2x4RVN2dzVvQk1OeitnPT0mdmFsaWRtaW51dGVzPTI4ODAmaWQ9MDkzZDcyMGEtNTAyYy00MWVkLWE4MGYtMmI4MTY5ODRmYjk1LDg5NzQxZmVjLTFkMzMtNGMwMC1hZmNkLTNmZGFmZTBiNmEyZCwxNTJiZDUzOS02MjIwLTQ0MjctYTkxNS1iZjRiZDA2OGQ3ZTgsYTY5OWI4M2YtODI2Yi00ZDk5LTkzNjEtYzhhMzEzMjE4ZDQ2LDAsOjpmZmZmOjEwLjAuMC41
#EXTINF:0,Az Tv 
https://ottcdn.kablowebtv.net/live_turksat_sub3/aztv_stream/index.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNC8yMDI1IDY6MTU6MTAgUE0maGFzaF92YWx1ZT1WUEx0ZHVOZ2x4RVN2dzVvQk1OeitnPT0mdmFsaWRtaW51dGVzPTI4ODAmaWQ9MDkzZDcyMGEtNTAyYy00MWVkLWE4MGYtMmI4MTY5ODRmYjk1LDg5NzQxZmVjLTFkMzMtNGMwMC1hZmNkLTNmZGFmZTBiNmEyZCwxNTJiZDUzOS02MjIwLTQ0MjctYTkxNS1iZjRiZDA2OGQ3ZTgsYTY5OWI4M2YtODI2Yi00ZDk5LTkzNjEtYzhhMzEzMjE4ZDQ2LDAsOjpmZmZmOjEwLjAuMC41
#EXTINF:0,Azoomee
https://ottcdn.kablowebtv.net/live_turksat_sub3/azoomee_stream/index.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNC8yMDI1IDY6MTU6MTAgUE0maGFzaF92YWx1ZT1WUEx0ZHVOZ2x4RVN2dzVvQk1OeitnPT0mdmFsaWRtaW51dGVzPTI4ODAmaWQ9MDkzZDcyMGEtNTAyYy00MWVkLWE4MGYtMmI4MTY5ODRmYjk1LDg5NzQxZmVjLTFkMzMtNGMwMC1hZmNkLTNmZGFmZTBiNmEyZCwxNTJiZDUzOS02MjIwLTQ0MjctYTkxNS1iZjRiZDA2OGQ3ZTgsYTY5OWI4M2YtODI2Yi00ZDk5LTkzNjEtYzhhMzEzMjE4ZDQ2LDAsOjpmZmZmOjEwLjAuMC41
#EXTINF:0,Baby Tv
https://ottcdn.kablowebtv.net/live_turksat_sub3/babytv_stream/index.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNC8yMDI1IDY6MTU6MTAgUE0maGFzaF92YWx1ZT1WUEx0ZHVOZ2x4RVN2dzVvQk1OeitnPT0mdmFsaWRtaW51dGVzPTI4ODAmaWQ9MDkzZDcyMGEtNTAyYy00MWVkLWE4MGYtMmI4MTY5ODRmYjk1LDg5NzQxZmVjLTFkMzMtNGMwMC1hZmNkLTNmZGFmZTBiNmEyZCwxNTJiZDUzOS02MjIwLTQ0MjctYTkxNS1iZjRiZDA2OGQ3ZTgsYTY5OWI4M2YtODI2Yi00ZDk5LTkzNjEtYzhhMzEzMjE4ZDQ2LDAsOjpmZmZmOjEwLjAuMC41
#EXTINF:0,beIN Sports Haber
https://ottcdn.kablowebtv.net/live_turksat_sub3/beinsportshaber_stream/index.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNC8yMDI1IDY6MTU6MTAgUE0maGFzaF92YWx1ZT1WUEx0ZHVOZ2x4RVN2dzVvQk1OeitnPT0mdmFsaWRtaW51dGVzPTI4ODAmaWQ9MDkzZDcyMGEtNTAyYy00MWVkLWE4MGYtMmI4MTY5ODRmYjk1LDg5NzQxZmVjLTFkMzMtNGMwMC1hZmNkLTNmZGFmZTBiNmEyZCwxNTJiZDUzOS02MjIwLTQ0MjctYTkxNS1iZjRiZDA2OGQ3ZTgsYTY5OWI4M2YtODI2Yi00ZDk5LTkzNjEtYzhhMzEzMjE4ZDQ2LDAsOjpmZmZmOjEwLjAuMC41
#EXTINF:0,Beng  T rk
https://ottcdn.kablowebtv.net/live_turksat_sub3/benguturk_stream/index.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNC8yMDI1IDY6MTU6MTAgUE0maGFzaF92YWx1ZT1WUEx0ZHVOZ2x4RVN2dzVvQk1OeitnPT0mdmFsaWRtaW51dGVzPTI4ODAmaWQ9MDkzZDcyMGEtNTAyYy00MWVkLWE4MGYtMmI4MTY5ODRmYjk1LDg5NzQxZmVjLTFkMzMtNGMwMC1hZmNkLTNmZGFmZTBiNmEyZCwxNTJiZDUzOS02MjIwLTQ0MjctYTkxNS1iZjRiZDA2OGQ3ZTgsYTY5OWI4M2YtODI2Yi00ZDk5LTkzNjEtYzhhMzEzMjE4ZDQ2LDAsOjpmZmZmOjEwLjAuMC41
#EXTINF:0,Beyaz Tv
https://ottcdn.kablowebtv.net/live_turksat_sub3/beyaztv_stream/index.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNC8yMDI1IDY6MTU6MTAgUE0maGFzaF92YWx1ZT1WUEx0ZHVOZ2x4RVN2dzVvQk1OeitnPT0mdmFsaWRtaW51dGVzPTI4ODAmaWQ9MDkzZDcyMGEtNTAyYy00MWVkLWE4MGYtMmI4MTY5ODRmYjk1LDg5NzQxZmVjLTFkMzMtNGMwMC1hZmNkLTNmZGFmZTBiNmEyZCwxNTJiZDUzOS02MjIwLTQ0MjctYTkxNS1iZjRiZDA2OGQ3ZTgsYTY5OWI4M2YtODI2Yi00ZDk5LTkzNjEtYzhhMzEzMjE4ZDQ2LDAsOjpmZmZmOjEwLjAuMC41
#EXTINF:0,Bir Tv
https://ottcdn.kablowebtv.net/live_turksat_sub3/birtv_stream/index.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNC8yMDI1IDY6MTU6MTAgUE0maGFzaF92YWx1ZT1WUEx0ZHVOZ2x4RVN2dzVvQk1OeitnPT0mdmFsaWRtaW51dGVzPTI4ODAmaWQ9MDkzZDcyMGEtNTAyYy00MWVkLWE4MGYtMmI4MTY5ODRmYjk1LDg5NzQxZmVjLTFkMzMtNGMwMC1hZmNkLTNmZGFmZTBiNmEyZCwxNTJiZDUzOS02MjIwLTQ0MjctYTkxNS1iZjRiZDA2OGQ3ZTgsYTY5OWI4M2YtODI2Yi00ZDk5LTkzNjEtYzhhMzEzMjE4ZDQ2LDAsOjpmZmZmOjEwLjAuMC41
#EXTINF:0,Bloomberg
https://ottcdn.kablowebtv.net/live_turksat_sub3/bloombergtv_stream/index.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNC8yMDI1IDY6MTU6MTAgUE0maGFzaF92YWx1ZT1WUEx0ZHVOZ2x4RVN2dzVvQk1OeitnPT0mdmFsaWRtaW51dGVzPTI4ODAmaWQ9MDkzZDcyMGEtNTAyYy00MWVkLWE4MGYtMmI4MTY5ODRmYjk1LDg5NzQxZmVjLTFkMzMtNGMwMC1hZmNkLTNmZGFmZTBiNmEyZCwxNTJiZDUzOS02MjIwLTQ0MjctYTkxNS1iZjRiZDA2OGQ3ZTgsYTY5OWI4M2YtODI2Yi00ZDk5LTkzNjEtYzhhMzEzMjE4ZDQ2LDAsOjpmZmZmOjEwLjAuMC41
#EXTINF:0,Bloomberg Ht
https://ottcdn.kablowebtv.net/live_turksat_sub3/bloomberg_stream/index.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNC8yMDI1IDY6MTU6MTAgUE0maGFzaF92YWx1ZT1WUEx0ZHVOZ2x4RVN2dzVvQk1OeitnPT0mdmFsaWRtaW51dGVzPTI4ODAmaWQ9MDkzZDcyMGEtNTAyYy00MWVkLWE4MGYtMmI4MTY5ODRmYjk1LDg5NzQxZmVjLTFkMzMtNGMwMC1hZmNkLTNmZGFmZTBiNmEyZCwxNTJiZDUzOS02MjIwLTQ0MjctYTkxNS1iZjRiZDA2OGQ3ZTgsYTY5OWI4M2YtODI2Yi00ZDk5LTkzNjEtYzhhMzEzMjE4ZDQ2LDAsOjpmZmZmOjEwLjAuMC41
#EXTINF:0,Brt 1  
https://ottcdn.kablowebtv.net/live_turksat_sub3/brt1_stream/index.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNC8yMDI1IDY6MTU6MTAgUE0maGFzaF92YWx1ZT1WUEx0ZHVOZ2x4RVN2dzVvQk1OeitnPT0mdmFsaWRtaW51dGVzPTI4ODAmaWQ9MDkzZDcyMGEtNTAyYy00MWVkLWE4MGYtMmI4MTY5ODRmYjk1LDg5NzQxZmVjLTFkMzMtNGMwMC1hZmNkLTNmZGFmZTBiNmEyZCwxNTJiZDUzOS02MjIwLTQ0MjctYTkxNS1iZjRiZDA2OGQ3ZTgsYTY5OWI4M2YtODI2Yi00ZDk5LTkzNjEtYzhhMzEzMjE4ZDQ2LDAsOjpmZmZmOjEwLjAuMC41
#EXTINF:0,Cartoon Network
https://ottcdn.kablowebtv.net/live_turksat_sub3/cartoonnetwork_stream/index.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNC8yMDI1IDY6MTU6MTAgUE0maGFzaF92YWx1ZT1WUEx0ZHVOZ2x4RVN2dzVvQk1OeitnPT0mdmFsaWRtaW51dGVzPTI4ODAmaWQ9MDkzZDcyMGEtNTAyYy00MWVkLWE4MGYtMmI4MTY5ODRmYjk1LDg5NzQxZmVjLTFkMzMtNGMwMC1hZmNkLTNmZGFmZTBiNmEyZCwxNTJiZDUzOS02MjIwLTQ0MjctYTkxNS1iZjRiZDA2OGQ3ZTgsYTY5OWI4M2YtODI2Yi00ZDk5LTkzNjEtYzhhMzEzMjE4ZDQ2LDAsOjpmZmZmOjEwLjAuMC41
#EXTINF:0,Cctv 4
https://ottcdn.kablowebtv.net/live_turksat_sub3/cctv4_stream/index.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNC8yMDI1IDY6MTU6MTAgUE0maGFzaF92YWx1ZT1WUEx0ZHVOZ2x4RVN2dzVvQk1OeitnPT0mdmFsaWRtaW51dGVzPTI4ODAmaWQ9MDkzZDcyMGEtNTAyYy00MWVkLWE4MGYtMmI4MTY5ODRmYjk1LDg5NzQxZmVjLTFkMzMtNGMwMC1hZmNkLTNmZGFmZTBiNmEyZCwxNTJiZDUzOS02MjIwLTQ0MjctYTkxNS1iZjRiZDA2OGQ3ZTgsYTY5OWI4M2YtODI2Yi00ZDk5LTkzNjEtYzhhMzEzMjE4ZDQ2LDAsOjpmZmZmOjEwLjAuMC41
#EXTINF:0,Cgtn 
https://ottcdn.kablowebtv.net/live_turksat_sub3/cgtn_stream/index.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNC8yMDI1IDY6MTU6MTAgUE0maGFzaF92YWx1ZT1WUEx0ZHVOZ2x4RVN2dzVvQk1OeitnPT0mdmFsaWRtaW51dGVzPTI4ODAmaWQ9MDkzZDcyMGEtNTAyYy00MWVkLWE4MGYtMmI4MTY5ODRmYjk1LDg5NzQxZmVjLTFkMzMtNGMwMC1hZmNkLTNmZGFmZTBiNmEyZCwxNTJiZDUzOS02MjIwLTQ0MjctYTkxNS1iZjRiZDA2OGQ3ZTgsYTY5OWI4M2YtODI2Yi00ZDk5LTkzNjEtYzhhMzEzMjE4ZDQ2LDAsOjpmZmZmOjEwLjAuMC41
#EXTINF:0,Cgtn Documentary
https://ottcdn.kablowebtv.net/live_turksat_sub3/cgtndocu_stream/index.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNC8yMDI1IDY6MTU6MTAgUE0maGFzaF92YWx1ZT1WUEx0ZHVOZ2x4RVN2dzVvQk1OeitnPT0mdmFsaWRtaW51dGVzPTI4ODAmaWQ9MDkzZDcyMGEtNTAyYy00MWVkLWE4MGYtMmI4MTY5ODRmYjk1LDg5NzQxZmVjLTFkMzMtNGMwMC1hZmNkLTNmZGFmZTBiNmEyZCwxNTJiZDUzOS02MjIwLTQ0MjctYTkxNS1iZjRiZDA2OGQ3ZTgsYTY5OWI4M2YtODI2Yi00ZDk5LTkzNjEtYzhhMzEzMjE4ZDQ2LDAsOjpmZmZmOjEwLjAuMC41
#EXTINF:0,Classical Harmony
https://ottcdn.kablowebtv.net/live_turksat_sub3/classical_harmony_stream/index.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNC8yMDI1IDY6MTU6MTAgUE0maGFzaF92YWx1ZT1WUEx0ZHVOZ2x4RVN2dzVvQk1OeitnPT0mdmFsaWRtaW51dGVzPTI4ODAmaWQ9MDkzZDcyMGEtNTAyYy00MWVkLWE4MGYtMmI4MTY5ODRmYjk1LDg5NzQxZmVjLTFkMzMtNGMwMC1hZmNkLTNmZGFmZTBiNmEyZCwxNTJiZDUzOS02MjIwLTQ0MjctYTkxNS1iZjRiZDA2OGQ3ZTgsYTY5OWI4M2YtODI2Yi00ZDk5LTkzNjEtYzhhMzEzMjE4ZDQ2LDAsOjpmZmZmOjEwLjAuMC41
#EXTINF:0,Cnbc-e
https://ottcdn.kablowebtv.net/live_turksat_sub3/cnbce_stream/index.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNC8yMDI1IDY6MTU6MTAgUE0maGFzaF92YWx1ZT1WUEx0ZHVOZ2x4RVN2dzVvQk1OeitnPT0mdmFsaWRtaW51dGVzPTI4ODAmaWQ9MDkzZDcyMGEtNTAyYy00MWVkLWE4MGYtMmI4MTY5ODRmYjk1LDg5NzQxZmVjLTFkMzMtNGMwMC1hZmNkLTNmZGFmZTBiNmEyZCwxNTJiZDUzOS02MjIwLTQ0MjctYTkxNS1iZjRiZDA2OGQ3ZTgsYTY5OWI4M2YtODI2Yi00ZDk5LTkzNjEtYzhhMzEzMjE4ZDQ2LDAsOjpmZmZmOjEwLjAuMC41
#EXTINF:0,CNN International
https://ottcdn.kablowebtv.net/live_turksat_sub3/cnnint_stream/index.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNC8yMDI1IDY6MTU6MTAgUE0maGFzaF92YWx1ZT1WUEx0ZHVOZ2x4RVN2dzVvQk1OeitnPT0mdmFsaWRtaW51dGVzPTI4ODAmaWQ9MDkzZDcyMGEtNTAyYy00MWVkLWE4MGYtMmI4MTY5ODRmYjk1LDg5NzQxZmVjLTFkMzMtNGMwMC1hZmNkLTNmZGFmZTBiNmEyZCwxNTJiZDUzOS02MjIwLTQ0MjctYTkxNS1iZjRiZDA2OGQ3ZTgsYTY5OWI4M2YtODI2Yi00ZDk5LTkzNjEtYzhhMzEzMjE4ZDQ2LDAsOjpmZmZmOjEwLjAuMC41
#EXTINF:0,Cnn T rk  
https://ottcdn.kablowebtv.net/live_turksat_sub3/cnnturk_stream/index.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNC8yMDI1IDY6MTU6MTAgUE0maGFzaF92YWx1ZT1WUEx0ZHVOZ2x4RVN2dzVvQk1OeitnPT0mdmFsaWRtaW51dGVzPTI4ODAmaWQ9MDkzZDcyMGEtNTAyYy00MWVkLWE4MGYtMmI4MTY5ODRmYjk1LDg5NzQxZmVjLTFkMzMtNGMwMC1hZmNkLTNmZGFmZTBiNmEyZCwxNTJiZDUzOS02MjIwLTQ0MjctYTkxNS1iZjRiZDA2OGQ3ZTgsYTY5OWI4M2YtODI2Yi00ZDk5LTkzNjEtYzhhMzEzMjE4ZDQ2LDAsOjpmZmZmOjEwLjAuMC41
#EXTINF:0,Cosmo Sports
https://ottcdn.kablowebtv.net/live_turksat_sub3/fightscreen_stream/index.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNC8yMDI1IDY6MTU6MTAgUE0maGFzaF92YWx1ZT1WUEx0ZHVOZ2x4RVN2dzVvQk1OeitnPT0mdmFsaWRtaW51dGVzPTI4ODAmaWQ9MDkzZDcyMGEtNTAyYy00MWVkLWE4MGYtMmI4MTY5ODRmYjk1LDg5NzQxZmVjLTFkMzMtNGMwMC1hZmNkLTNmZGFmZTBiNmEyZCwxNTJiZDUzOS02MjIwLTQ0MjctYTkxNS1iZjRiZDA2OGQ3ZTgsYTY5OWI4M2YtODI2Yi00ZDk5LTkzNjEtYzhhMzEzMjE4ZDQ2LDAsOjpmZmZmOjEwLjAuMC41
#EXTINF:0,Da Vinci
https://ottcdn.kablowebtv.net/live_turksat_sub3/davinci_stream/index.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNC8yMDI1IDY6MTU6MTAgUE0maGFzaF92YWx1ZT1WUEx0ZHVOZ2x4RVN2dzVvQk1OeitnPT0mdmFsaWRtaW51dGVzPTI4ODAmaWQ9MDkzZDcyMGEtNTAyYy00MWVkLWE4MGYtMmI4MTY5ODRmYjk1LDg5NzQxZmVjLTFkMzMtNGMwMC1hZmNkLTNmZGFmZTBiNmEyZCwxNTJiZDUzOS02MjIwLTQ0MjctYTkxNS1iZjRiZDA2OGQ3ZTgsYTY5OWI4M2YtODI2Yi00ZDk5LTkzNjEtYzhhMzEzMjE4ZDQ2LDAsOjpmZmZmOjEwLjAuMC41
#EXTINF:0,Discovery Channel
https://ottcdn.kablowebtv.net/live_turksat_sub3/discoverychannel_stream/index.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNC8yMDI1IDY6MTU6MTAgUE0maGFzaF92YWx1ZT1WUEx0ZHVOZ2x4RVN2dzVvQk1OeitnPT0mdmFsaWRtaW51dGVzPTI4ODAmaWQ9MDkzZDcyMGEtNTAyYy00MWVkLWE4MGYtMmI4MTY5ODRmYjk1LDg5NzQxZmVjLTFkMzMtNGMwMC1hZmNkLTNmZGFmZTBiNmEyZCwxNTJiZDUzOS02MjIwLTQ0MjctYTkxNS1iZjRiZDA2OGQ3ZTgsYTY5OWI4M2YtODI2Yi00ZDk5LTkzNjEtYzhhMzEzMjE4ZDQ2LDAsOjpmZmZmOjEwLjAuMC41
#EXTINF:0,Disney Junior
https://ottcdn.kablowebtv.net/live_turksat_sub3/disneyjunior_stream/index.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNC8yMDI1IDY6MTU6MTAgUE0maGFzaF92YWx1ZT1WUEx0ZHVOZ2x4RVN2dzVvQk1OeitnPT0mdmFsaWRtaW51dGVzPTI4ODAmaWQ9MDkzZDcyMGEtNTAyYy00MWVkLWE4MGYtMmI4MTY5ODRmYjk1LDg5NzQxZmVjLTFkMzMtNGMwMC1hZmNkLTNmZGFmZTBiNmEyZCwxNTJiZDUzOS02MjIwLTQ0MjctYTkxNS1iZjRiZDA2OGQ3ZTgsYTY5OWI4M2YtODI2Yi00ZDk5LTkzNjEtYzhhMzEzMjE4ZDQ2LDAsOjpmZmZmOjEwLjAuMC41
#EXTINF:0,Diyanet Tv
https://ottcdn.kablowebtv.net/live_turksat_sub3/diyanet_stream/index.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNC8yMDI1IDY6MTU6MTAgUE0maGFzaF92YWx1ZT1WUEx0ZHVOZ2x4RVN2dzVvQk1OeitnPT0mdmFsaWRtaW51dGVzPTI4ODAmaWQ9MDkzZDcyMGEtNTAyYy00MWVkLWE4MGYtMmI4MTY5ODRmYjk1LDg5NzQxZmVjLTFkMzMtNGMwMC1hZmNkLTNmZGFmZTBiNmEyZCwxNTJiZDUzOS02MjIwLTQ0MjctYTkxNS1iZjRiZDA2OGQ3ZTgsYTY5OWI4M2YtODI2Yi00ZDk5LTkzNjEtYzhhMzEzMjE4ZDQ2LDAsOjpmZmZmOjEwLjAuMC41
#EXTINF:0,Dmax   
https://ottcdn.kablowebtv.net/live_turksat_sub3/dmax_stream/index.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNC8yMDI1IDY6MTU6MTAgUE0maGFzaF92YWx1ZT1WUEx0ZHVOZ2x4RVN2dzVvQk1OeitnPT0mdmFsaWRtaW51dGVzPTI4ODAmaWQ9MDkzZDcyMGEtNTAyYy00MWVkLWE4MGYtMmI4MTY5ODRmYjk1LDg5NzQxZmVjLTFkMzMtNGMwMC1hZmNkLTNmZGFmZTBiNmEyZCwxNTJiZDUzOS02MjIwLTQ0MjctYTkxNS1iZjRiZDA2OGQ3ZTgsYTY5OWI4M2YtODI2Yi00ZDk5LTkzNjEtYzhhMzEzMjE4ZDQ2LDAsOjpmZmZmOjEwLjAuMC41
#EXTINF:0,Docu Screen  
https://ottcdn.kablowebtv.net/live_turksat_sub3/docuscreen_stream/index.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNC8yMDI1IDY6MTU6MTAgUE0maGFzaF92YWx1ZT1WUEx0ZHVOZ2x4RVN2dzVvQk1OeitnPT0mdmFsaWRtaW51dGVzPTI4ODAmaWQ9MDkzZDcyMGEtNTAyYy00MWVkLWE4MGYtMmI4MTY5ODRmYjk1LDg5NzQxZmVjLTFkMzMtNGMwMC1hZmNkLTNmZGFmZTBiNmEyZCwxNTJiZDUzOS02MjIwLTQ0MjctYTkxNS1iZjRiZDA2OGQ3ZTgsYTY5OWI4M2YtODI2Yi00ZDk5LTkzNjEtYzhhMzEzMjE4ZDQ2LDAsOjpmZmZmOjEwLjAuMC41
#EXTINF:0,Dream T rk
https://ottcdn.kablowebtv.net/live_turksat_sub3/dreamturk_stream/index.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNC8yMDI1IDY6MTU6MTAgUE0maGFzaF92YWx1ZT1WUEx0ZHVOZ2x4RVN2dzVvQk1OeitnPT0mdmFsaWRtaW51dGVzPTI4ODAmaWQ9MDkzZDcyMGEtNTAyYy00MWVkLWE4MGYtMmI4MTY5ODRmYjk1LDg5NzQxZmVjLTFkMzMtNGMwMC1hZmNkLTNmZGFmZTBiNmEyZCwxNTJiZDUzOS02MjIwLTQ0MjctYTkxNS1iZjRiZDA2OGQ3ZTgsYTY5OWI4M2YtODI2Yi00ZDk5LTkzNjEtYzhhMzEzMjE4ZDQ2LDAsOjpmZmZmOjEwLjAuMC41
#EXTINF:0,Duck Tv
https://ottcdn.kablowebtv.net/live_turksat_sub3/ducktv_stream/index.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNC8yMDI1IDY6MTU6MTAgUE0maGFzaF92YWx1ZT1WUEx0ZHVOZ2x4RVN2dzVvQk1OeitnPT0mdmFsaWRtaW51dGVzPTI4ODAmaWQ9MDkzZDcyMGEtNTAyYy00MWVkLWE4MGYtMmI4MTY5ODRmYjk1LDg5NzQxZmVjLTFkMzMtNGMwMC1hZmNkLTNmZGFmZTBiNmEyZCwxNTJiZDUzOS02MjIwLTQ0MjctYTkxNS1iZjRiZDA2OGQ3ZTgsYTY5OWI4M2YtODI2Yi00ZDk5LTkzNjEtYzhhMzEzMjE4ZDQ2LDAsOjpmZmZmOjEwLjAuMC41
#EXTINF:0,Dw Tv (English)
https://ottcdn.kablowebtv.net/live_turksat_sub3/dwtv_stream/index.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNC8yMDI1IDY6MTU6MTAgUE0maGFzaF92YWx1ZT1WUEx0ZHVOZ2x4RVN2dzVvQk1OeitnPT0mdmFsaWRtaW51dGVzPTI4ODAmaWQ9MDkzZDcyMGEtNTAyYy00MWVkLWE4MGYtMmI4MTY5ODRmYjk1LDg5NzQxZmVjLTFkMzMtNGMwMC1hZmNkLTNmZGFmZTBiNmEyZCwxNTJiZDUzOS02MjIwLTQ0MjctYTkxNS1iZjRiZDA2OGQ3ZTgsYTY5OWI4M2YtODI2Yi00ZDk5LTkzNjEtYzhhMzEzMjE4ZDQ2LDAsOjpmZmZmOjEwLjAuMC41
#EXTINF:0,Ekol Sports
https://ottcdn.kablowebtv.net/live_turksat_sub3/yargitv_stream/index.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNC8yMDI1IDY6MTU6MTAgUE0maGFzaF92YWx1ZT1WUEx0ZHVOZ2x4RVN2dzVvQk1OeitnPT0mdmFsaWRtaW51dGVzPTI4ODAmaWQ9MDkzZDcyMGEtNTAyYy00MWVkLWE4MGYtMmI4MTY5ODRmYjk1LDg5NzQxZmVjLTFkMzMtNGMwMC1hZmNkLTNmZGFmZTBiNmEyZCwxNTJiZDUzOS02MjIwLTQ0MjctYTkxNS1iZjRiZDA2OGQ3ZTgsYTY5OWI4M2YtODI2Yi00ZDk5LTkzNjEtYzhhMzEzMjE4ZDQ2LDAsOjpmZmZmOjEwLjAuMC41
#EXTINF:0,Ekol TV
https://ottcdn.kablowebtv.net/live_turksat_sub3/ekoltv_stream/index.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNC8yMDI1IDY6MTU6MTAgUE0maGFzaF92YWx1ZT1WUEx0ZHVOZ2x4RVN2dzVvQk1OeitnPT0mdmFsaWRtaW51dGVzPTI4ODAmaWQ9MDkzZDcyMGEtNTAyYy00MWVkLWE4MGYtMmI4MTY5ODRmYjk1LDg5NzQxZmVjLTFkMzMtNGMwMC1hZmNkLTNmZGFmZTBiNmEyZCwxNTJiZDUzOS02MjIwLTQ0MjctYTkxNS1iZjRiZDA2OGQ3ZTgsYTY5OWI4M2YtODI2Yi00ZDk5LTkzNjEtYzhhMzEzMjE4ZDQ2LDAsOjpmZmZmOjEwLjAuMC41
#EXTINF:0,Ekot rk
https://ottcdn.kablowebtv.net/live_turksat_sub3/ekoturk_stream/index.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNC8yMDI1IDY6MTU6MTAgUE0maGFzaF92YWx1ZT1WUEx0ZHVOZ2x4RVN2dzVvQk1OeitnPT0mdmFsaWRtaW51dGVzPTI4ODAmaWQ9MDkzZDcyMGEtNTAyYy00MWVkLWE4MGYtMmI4MTY5ODRmYjk1LDg5NzQxZmVjLTFkMzMtNGMwMC1hZmNkLTNmZGFmZTBiNmEyZCwxNTJiZDUzOS02MjIwLTQ0MjctYTkxNS1iZjRiZDA2OGQ3ZTgsYTY5OWI4M2YtODI2Yi00ZDk5LTkzNjEtYzhhMzEzMjE4ZDQ2LDAsOjpmZmZmOjEwLjAuMC41
#EXTINF:0,English Club
https://ottcdn.kablowebtv.net/live_turksat_sub3/englishclub_stream/index.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNC8yMDI1IDY6MTU6MTAgUE0maGFzaF92YWx1ZT1WUEx0ZHVOZ2x4RVN2dzVvQk1OeitnPT0mdmFsaWRtaW51dGVzPTI4ODAmaWQ9MDkzZDcyMGEtNTAyYy00MWVkLWE4MGYtMmI4MTY5ODRmYjk1LDg5NzQxZmVjLTFkMzMtNGMwMC1hZmNkLTNmZGFmZTBiNmEyZCwxNTJiZDUzOS02MjIwLTQ0MjctYTkxNS1iZjRiZDA2OGQ3ZTgsYTY5OWI4M2YtODI2Yi00ZDk5LTkzNjEtYzhhMzEzMjE4ZDQ2LDAsOjpmZmZmOjEwLjAuMC41
#EXTINF:0,Epic Drama
https://ottcdn.kablowebtv.net/live_turksat_sub3/epicdramahd_stream/index.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNC8yMDI1IDY6MTU6MTAgUE0maGFzaF92YWx1ZT1WUEx0ZHVOZ2x4RVN2dzVvQk1OeitnPT0mdmFsaWRtaW51dGVzPTI4ODAmaWQ9MDkzZDcyMGEtNTAyYy00MWVkLWE4MGYtMmI4MTY5ODRmYjk1LDg5NzQxZmVjLTFkMzMtNGMwMC1hZmNkLTNmZGFmZTBiNmEyZCwxNTJiZDUzOS02MjIwLTQ0MjctYTkxNS1iZjRiZDA2OGQ3ZTgsYTY5OWI4M2YtODI2Yi00ZDk5LTkzNjEtYzhhMzEzMjE4ZDQ2LDAsOjpmZmZmOjEwLjAuMC41
#EXTINF:0,Eurosport 1
https://ottcdn.kablowebtv.net/live_turksat_sub3/eurosport1hd_stream/index.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNC8yMDI1IDY6MTU6MTAgUE0maGFzaF92YWx1ZT1WUEx0ZHVOZ2x4RVN2dzVvQk1OeitnPT0mdmFsaWRtaW51dGVzPTI4ODAmaWQ9MDkzZDcyMGEtNTAyYy00MWVkLWE4MGYtMmI4MTY5ODRmYjk1LDg5NzQxZmVjLTFkMzMtNGMwMC1hZmNkLTNmZGFmZTBiNmEyZCwxNTJiZDUzOS02MjIwLTQ0MjctYTkxNS1iZjRiZDA2OGQ3ZTgsYTY5OWI4M2YtODI2Yi00ZDk5LTkzNjEtYzhhMzEzMjE4ZDQ2LDAsOjpmZmZmOjEwLjAuMC41
#EXTINF:0,Eurosport 2
https://ottcdn.kablowebtv.net/live_turksat_sub3/eurosport2hd_stream/index.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNC8yMDI1IDY6MTU6MTAgUE0maGFzaF92YWx1ZT1WUEx0ZHVOZ2x4RVN2dzVvQk1OeitnPT0mdmFsaWRtaW51dGVzPTI4ODAmaWQ9MDkzZDcyMGEtNTAyYy00MWVkLWE4MGYtMmI4MTY5ODRmYjk1LDg5NzQxZmVjLTFkMzMtNGMwMC1hZmNkLTNmZGFmZTBiNmEyZCwxNTJiZDUzOS02MjIwLTQ0MjctYTkxNS1iZjRiZDA2OGQ3ZTgsYTY5OWI4M2YtODI2Yi00ZDk5LTkzNjEtYzhhMzEzMjE4ZDQ2LDAsOjpmZmZmOjEwLjAuMC41
#EXTINF:0,Fb Tv
https://ottcdn.kablowebtv.net/live_turksat_sub3/fbtv_stream/index.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNC8yMDI1IDY6MTU6MTAgUE0maGFzaF92YWx1ZT1WUEx0ZHVOZ2x4RVN2dzVvQk1OeitnPT0mdmFsaWRtaW51dGVzPTI4ODAmaWQ9MDkzZDcyMGEtNTAyYy00MWVkLWE4MGYtMmI4MTY5ODRmYjk1LDg5NzQxZmVjLTFkMzMtNGMwMC1hZmNkLTNmZGFmZTBiNmEyZCwxNTJiZDUzOS02MjIwLTQ0MjctYTkxNS1iZjRiZDA2OGQ3ZTgsYTY5OWI4M2YtODI2Yi00ZDk5LTkzNjEtYzhhMzEzMjE4ZDQ2LDAsOjpmZmZmOjEwLjAuMC41
#EXTINF:0,Film Screen
https://ottcdn.kablowebtv.net/live_turksat_sub3/FilmScreen_stream/index.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNC8yMDI1IDY6MTU6MTAgUE0maGFzaF92YWx1ZT1WUEx0ZHVOZ2x4RVN2dzVvQk1OeitnPT0mdmFsaWRtaW51dGVzPTI4ODAmaWQ9MDkzZDcyMGEtNTAyYy00MWVkLWE4MGYtMmI4MTY5ODRmYjk1LDg5NzQxZmVjLTFkMzMtNGMwMC1hZmNkLTNmZGFmZTBiNmEyZCwxNTJiZDUzOS02MjIwLTQ0MjctYTkxNS1iZjRiZDA2OGQ3ZTgsYTY5OWI4M2YtODI2Yi00ZDk5LTkzNjEtYzhhMzEzMjE4ZDQ2LDAsOjpmZmZmOjEwLjAuMC41
#EXTINF:0,FLASH HABER 
https://ottcdn.kablowebtv.net/live_turksat_sub3/flashhaber_stream/index.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNC8yMDI1IDY6MTU6MTAgUE0maGFzaF92YWx1ZT1WUEx0ZHVOZ2x4RVN2dzVvQk1OeitnPT0mdmFsaWRtaW51dGVzPTI4ODAmaWQ9MDkzZDcyMGEtNTAyYy00MWVkLWE4MGYtMmI4MTY5ODRmYjk1LDg5NzQxZmVjLTFkMzMtNGMwMC1hZmNkLTNmZGFmZTBiNmEyZCwxNTJiZDUzOS02MjIwLTQ0MjctYTkxNS1iZjRiZDA2OGQ3ZTgsYTY5OWI4M2YtODI2Yi00ZDk5LTkzNjEtYzhhMzEzMjE4ZDQ2LDAsOjpmZmZmOjEwLjAuMC41
#EXTINF:0,France 24 (English)
https://ottcdn.kablowebtv.net/live_turksat_sub3/france24en_stream/index.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNC8yMDI1IDY6MTU6MTAgUE0maGFzaF92YWx1ZT1WUEx0ZHVOZ2x4RVN2dzVvQk1OeitnPT0mdmFsaWRtaW51dGVzPTI4ODAmaWQ9MDkzZDcyMGEtNTAyYy00MWVkLWE4MGYtMmI4MTY5ODRmYjk1LDg5NzQxZmVjLTFkMzMtNGMwMC1hZmNkLTNmZGFmZTBiNmEyZCwxNTJiZDUzOS02MjIwLTQ0MjctYTkxNS1iZjRiZDA2OGQ3ZTgsYTY5OWI4M2YtODI2Yi00ZDk5LTkzNjEtYzhhMzEzMjE4ZDQ2LDAsOjpmZmZmOjEwLjAuMC41
#EXTINF:0,France 24 (French)
https://ottcdn.kablowebtv.net/live_turksat_sub3/france24fr_stream/index.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNC8yMDI1IDY6MTU6MTAgUE0maGFzaF92YWx1ZT1WUEx0ZHVOZ2x4RVN2dzVvQk1OeitnPT0mdmFsaWRtaW51dGVzPTI4ODAmaWQ9MDkzZDcyMGEtNTAyYy00MWVkLWE4MGYtMmI4MTY5ODRmYjk1LDg5NzQxZmVjLTFkMzMtNGMwMC1hZmNkLTNmZGFmZTBiNmEyZCwxNTJiZDUzOS02MjIwLTQ0MjctYTkxNS1iZjRiZDA2OGQ3ZTgsYTY5OWI4M2YtODI2Yi00ZDk5LTkzNjEtYzhhMzEzMjE4ZDQ2LDAsOjpmZmZmOjEwLjAuMC41
#EXTINF:0,Freedom
https://ottcdn.kablowebtv.net/live_turksat_sub3/freedom_stream/index.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNC8yMDI1IDY6MTU6MTAgUE0maGFzaF92YWx1ZT1WUEx0ZHVOZ2x4RVN2dzVvQk1OeitnPT0mdmFsaWRtaW51dGVzPTI4ODAmaWQ9MDkzZDcyMGEtNTAyYy00MWVkLWE4MGYtMmI4MTY5ODRmYjk1LDg5NzQxZmVjLTFkMzMtNGMwMC1hZmNkLTNmZGFmZTBiNmEyZCwxNTJiZDUzOS02MjIwLTQ0MjctYTkxNS1iZjRiZDA2OGQ3ZTgsYTY5OWI4M2YtODI2Yi00ZDk5LTkzNjEtYzhhMzEzMjE4ZDQ2LDAsOjpmZmZmOjEwLjAuMC41
#EXTINF:0,FX   
https://ottcdn.kablowebtv.net/live_turksat_sub/fx_stream/index.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNC8yMDI1IDY6MTU6MTAgUE0maGFzaF92YWx1ZT1WUEx0ZHVOZ2x4RVN2dzVvQk1OeitnPT0mdmFsaWRtaW51dGVzPTI4ODAmaWQ9MDkzZDcyMGEtNTAyYy00MWVkLWE4MGYtMmI4MTY5ODRmYjk1LDg5NzQxZmVjLTFkMzMtNGMwMC1hZmNkLTNmZGFmZTBiNmEyZCwxNTJiZDUzOS02MjIwLTQ0MjctYTkxNS1iZjRiZDA2OGQ3ZTgsYTY5OWI4M2YtODI2Yi00ZDk5LTkzNjEtYzhhMzEzMjE4ZDQ2LDAsOjpmZmZmOjEwLjAuMC41
#EXTINF:0,Gen  Tv
https://ottcdn.kablowebtv.net/live_turksat_sub3/genctv_stream/index.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNC8yMDI1IDY6MTU6MTAgUE0maGFzaF92YWx1ZT1WUEx0ZHVOZ2x4RVN2dzVvQk1OeitnPT0mdmFsaWRtaW51dGVzPTI4ODAmaWQ9MDkzZDcyMGEtNTAyYy00MWVkLWE4MGYtMmI4MTY5ODRmYjk1LDg5NzQxZmVjLTFkMzMtNGMwMC1hZmNkLTNmZGFmZTBiNmEyZCwxNTJiZDUzOS02MjIwLTQ0MjctYTkxNS1iZjRiZDA2OGQ3ZTgsYTY5OWI4M2YtODI2Yi00ZDk5LTkzNjEtYzhhMzEzMjE4ZDQ2LDAsOjpmZmZmOjEwLjAuMC41
#EXTINF:0,Gzt Tv
https://ottcdn.kablowebtv.net/live_turksat_sub3/gzttv_stream/index.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNC8yMDI1IDY6MTU6MTAgUE0maGFzaF92YWx1ZT1WUEx0ZHVOZ2x4RVN2dzVvQk1OeitnPT0mdmFsaWRtaW51dGVzPTI4ODAmaWQ9MDkzZDcyMGEtNTAyYy00MWVkLWE4MGYtMmI4MTY5ODRmYjk1LDg5NzQxZmVjLTFkMzMtNGMwMC1hZmNkLTNmZGFmZTBiNmEyZCwxNTJiZDUzOS02MjIwLTQ0MjctYTkxNS1iZjRiZDA2OGQ3ZTgsYTY5OWI4M2YtODI2Yi00ZDk5LTkzNjEtYzhhMzEzMjE4ZDQ2LDAsOjpmZmZmOjEwLjAuMC41
#EXTINF:0,Haber Global  
https://ottcdn.kablowebtv.net/live_turksat_sub3/haberglobalhd_stream/index.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNC8yMDI1IDY6MTU6MTAgUE0maGFzaF92YWx1ZT1WUEx0ZHVOZ2x4RVN2dzVvQk1OeitnPT0mdmFsaWRtaW51dGVzPTI4ODAmaWQ9MDkzZDcyMGEtNTAyYy00MWVkLWE4MGYtMmI4MTY5ODRmYjk1LDg5NzQxZmVjLTFkMzMtNGMwMC1hZmNkLTNmZGFmZTBiNmEyZCwxNTJiZDUzOS02MjIwLTQ0MjctYTkxNS1iZjRiZDA2OGQ3ZTgsYTY5OWI4M2YtODI2Yi00ZDk5LTkzNjEtYzhhMzEzMjE4ZDQ2LDAsOjpmZmZmOjEwLjAuMC41
#EXTINF:0,Haber T rk
https://ottcdn.kablowebtv.net/live_turksat_sub3/haberturk_stream/index.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNC8yMDI1IDY6MTU6MTAgUE0maGFzaF92YWx1ZT1WUEx0ZHVOZ2x4RVN2dzVvQk1OeitnPT0mdmFsaWRtaW51dGVzPTI4ODAmaWQ9MDkzZDcyMGEtNTAyYy00MWVkLWE4MGYtMmI4MTY5ODRmYjk1LDg5NzQxZmVjLTFkMzMtNGMwMC1hZmNkLTNmZGFmZTBiNmEyZCwxNTJiZDUzOS02MjIwLTQ0MjctYTkxNS1iZjRiZDA2OGQ3ZTgsYTY5OWI4M2YtODI2Yi00ZDk5LTkzNjEtYzhhMzEzMjE4ZDQ2LDAsOjpmZmZmOjEwLjAuMC41
#EXTINF:0,Halk Tv
https://ottcdn.kablowebtv.net/live_turksat_sub3/halktv_stream/index.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNC8yMDI1IDY6MTU6MTAgUE0maGFzaF92YWx1ZT1WUEx0ZHVOZ2x4RVN2dzVvQk1OeitnPT0mdmFsaWRtaW51dGVzPTI4ODAmaWQ9MDkzZDcyMGEtNTAyYy00MWVkLWE4MGYtMmI4MTY5ODRmYjk1LDg5NzQxZmVjLTFkMzMtNGMwMC1hZmNkLTNmZGFmZTBiNmEyZCwxNTJiZDUzOS02MjIwLTQ0MjctYTkxNS1iZjRiZDA2OGQ3ZTgsYTY5OWI4M2YtODI2Yi00ZDk5LTkzNjEtYzhhMzEzMjE4ZDQ2LDAsOjpmZmZmOjEwLjAuMC41
#EXTINF:0,Hayat 2
https://ottcdn.kablowebtv.net/live_turksat_sub3/hayat2_stream/index.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNC8yMDI1IDY6MTU6MTAgUE0maGFzaF92YWx1ZT1WUEx0ZHVOZ2x4RVN2dzVvQk1OeitnPT0mdmFsaWRtaW51dGVzPTI4ODAmaWQ9MDkzZDcyMGEtNTAyYy00MWVkLWE4MGYtMmI4MTY5ODRmYjk1LDg5NzQxZmVjLTFkMzMtNGMwMC1hZmNkLTNmZGFmZTBiNmEyZCwxNTJiZDUzOS02MjIwLTQ0MjctYTkxNS1iZjRiZDA2OGQ3ZTgsYTY5OWI4M2YtODI2Yi00ZDk5LTkzNjEtYzhhMzEzMjE4ZDQ2LDAsOjpmZmZmOjEwLjAuMC41
#EXTINF:0,HT Spor
https://ottcdn.kablowebtv.net/live_turksat_sub3/htsporhd_stream/index.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNC8yMDI1IDY6MTU6MTAgUE0maGFzaF92YWx1ZT1WUEx0ZHVOZ2x4RVN2dzVvQk1OeitnPT0mdmFsaWRtaW51dGVzPTI4ODAmaWQ9MDkzZDcyMGEtNTAyYy00MWVkLWE4MGYtMmI4MTY5ODRmYjk1LDg5NzQxZmVjLTFkMzMtNGMwMC1hZmNkLTNmZGFmZTBiNmEyZCwxNTJiZDUzOS02MjIwLTQ0MjctYTkxNS1iZjRiZDA2OGQ3ZTgsYTY5OWI4M2YtODI2Yi00ZDk5LTkzNjEtYzhhMzEzMjE4ZDQ2LDAsOjpmZmZmOjEwLjAuMC41
#EXTINF:0,ID   
https://ottcdn.kablowebtv.net/live_turksat_sub3/id_stream/index.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNC8yMDI1IDY6MTU6MTAgUE0maGFzaF92YWx1ZT1WUEx0ZHVOZ2x4RVN2dzVvQk1OeitnPT0mdmFsaWRtaW51dGVzPTI4ODAmaWQ9MDkzZDcyMGEtNTAyYy00MWVkLWE4MGYtMmI4MTY5ODRmYjk1LDg5NzQxZmVjLTFkMzMtNGMwMC1hZmNkLTNmZGFmZTBiNmEyZCwxNTJiZDUzOS02MjIwLTQ0MjctYTkxNS1iZjRiZDA2OGQ3ZTgsYTY5OWI4M2YtODI2Yi00ZDk5LTkzNjEtYzhhMzEzMjE4ZDQ2LDAsOjpmZmZmOjEwLjAuMC41
#EXTINF:0,Kanal 7
https://ottcdn.kablowebtv.net/live_turksat_sub3/kanal7_stream/index.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNC8yMDI1IDY6MTU6MTAgUE0maGFzaF92YWx1ZT1WUEx0ZHVOZ2x4RVN2dzVvQk1OeitnPT0mdmFsaWRtaW51dGVzPTI4ODAmaWQ9MDkzZDcyMGEtNTAyYy00MWVkLWE4MGYtMmI4MTY5ODRmYjk1LDg5NzQxZmVjLTFkMzMtNGMwMC1hZmNkLTNmZGFmZTBiNmEyZCwxNTJiZDUzOS02MjIwLTQ0MjctYTkxNS1iZjRiZDA2OGQ3ZTgsYTY5OWI4M2YtODI2Yi00ZDk5LTkzNjEtYzhhMzEzMjE4ZDQ2LDAsOjpmZmZmOjEwLjAuMC41
#EXTINF:0,Kanal B
https://ottcdn.kablowebtv.net/live_turksat_sub3/kanalb_stream/index.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNC8yMDI1IDY6MTU6MTAgUE0maGFzaF92YWx1ZT1WUEx0ZHVOZ2x4RVN2dzVvQk1OeitnPT0mdmFsaWRtaW51dGVzPTI4ODAmaWQ9MDkzZDcyMGEtNTAyYy00MWVkLWE4MGYtMmI4MTY5ODRmYjk1LDg5NzQxZmVjLTFkMzMtNGMwMC1hZmNkLTNmZGFmZTBiNmEyZCwxNTJiZDUzOS02MjIwLTQ0MjctYTkxNS1iZjRiZDA2OGQ3ZTgsYTY5OWI4M2YtODI2Yi00ZDk5LTkzNjEtYzhhMzEzMjE4ZDQ2LDAsOjpmZmZmOjEwLjAuMC41
#EXTINF:0,Kanal D
https://ottcdn.kablowebtv.net/live_turksat_sub3/kanald_stream/index.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNC8yMDI1IDY6MTU6MTAgUE0maGFzaF92YWx1ZT1WUEx0ZHVOZ2x4RVN2dzVvQk1OeitnPT0mdmFsaWRtaW51dGVzPTI4ODAmaWQ9MDkzZDcyMGEtNTAyYy00MWVkLWE4MGYtMmI4MTY5ODRmYjk1LDg5NzQxZmVjLTFkMzMtNGMwMC1hZmNkLTNmZGFmZTBiNmEyZCwxNTJiZDUzOS02MjIwLTQ0MjctYTkxNS1iZjRiZDA2OGQ3ZTgsYTY5OWI4M2YtODI2Yi00ZDk5LTkzNjEtYzhhMzEzMjE4ZDQ2LDAsOjpmZmZmOjEwLjAuMC41
#EXTINF:0,Kbs World
https://ottcdn.kablowebtv.net/live_turksat_sub3/kbstv_stream/index.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNC8yMDI1IDY6MTU6MTAgUE0maGFzaF92YWx1ZT1WUEx0ZHVOZ2x4RVN2dzVvQk1OeitnPT0mdmFsaWRtaW51dGVzPTI4ODAmaWQ9MDkzZDcyMGEtNTAyYy00MWVkLWE4MGYtMmI4MTY5ODRmYjk1LDg5NzQxZmVjLTFkMzMtNGMwMC1hZmNkLTNmZGFmZTBiNmEyZCwxNTJiZDUzOS02MjIwLTQ0MjctYTkxNS1iZjRiZDA2OGQ3ZTgsYTY5OWI4M2YtODI2Yi00ZDk5LTkzNjEtYzhhMzEzMjE4ZDQ2LDAsOjpmZmZmOjEwLjAuMC41
#EXTINF:0,Kitchen TV
https://ottcdn.kablowebtv.net/live_turksat_sub3/kitchentv_stream/index.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNC8yMDI1IDY6MTU6MTAgUE0maGFzaF92YWx1ZT1WUEx0ZHVOZ2x4RVN2dzVvQk1OeitnPT0mdmFsaWRtaW51dGVzPTI4ODAmaWQ9MDkzZDcyMGEtNTAyYy00MWVkLWE4MGYtMmI4MTY5ODRmYjk1LDg5NzQxZmVjLTFkMzMtNGMwMC1hZmNkLTNmZGFmZTBiNmEyZCwxNTJiZDUzOS02MjIwLTQ0MjctYTkxNS1iZjRiZDA2OGQ3ZTgsYTY5OWI4M2YtODI2Yi00ZDk5LTkzNjEtYzhhMzEzMjE4ZDQ2LDAsOjpmZmZmOjEwLjAuMC41
#EXTINF:0,Kon  
https://ottcdn.kablowebtv.net/live_turksat_sub3/kontv_stream/index.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNC8yMDI1IDY6MTU6MTAgUE0maGFzaF92YWx1ZT1WUEx0ZHVOZ2x4RVN2dzVvQk1OeitnPT0mdmFsaWRtaW51dGVzPTI4ODAmaWQ9MDkzZDcyMGEtNTAyYy00MWVkLWE4MGYtMmI4MTY5ODRmYjk1LDg5NzQxZmVjLTFkMzMtNGMwMC1hZmNkLTNmZGFmZTBiNmEyZCwxNTJiZDUzOS02MjIwLTQ0MjctYTkxNS1iZjRiZDA2OGQ3ZTgsYTY5OWI4M2YtODI2Yi00ZDk5LTkzNjEtYzhhMzEzMjE4ZDQ2LDAsOjpmZmZmOjEwLjAuMC41
#EXTINF:0,Krt Tv
https://ottcdn.kablowebtv.net/live_turksat_sub3/krttv_stream/index.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNC8yMDI1IDY6MTU6MTAgUE0maGFzaF92YWx1ZT1WUEx0ZHVOZ2x4RVN2dzVvQk1OeitnPT0mdmFsaWRtaW51dGVzPTI4ODAmaWQ9MDkzZDcyMGEtNTAyYy00MWVkLWE4MGYtMmI4MTY5ODRmYjk1LDg5NzQxZmVjLTFkMzMtNGMwMC1hZmNkLTNmZGFmZTBiNmEyZCwxNTJiZDUzOS02MjIwLTQ0MjctYTkxNS1iZjRiZDA2OGQ3ZTgsYTY5OWI4M2YtODI2Yi00ZDk5LTkzNjEtYzhhMzEzMjE4ZDQ2LDAsOjpmZmZmOjEwLjAuMC41
#EXTINF:0,Laleg l Tv
https://ottcdn.kablowebtv.net/live_turksat_sub3/lalegul_stream/index.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNC8yMDI1IDY6MTU6MTAgUE0maGFzaF92YWx1ZT1WUEx0ZHVOZ2x4RVN2dzVvQk1OeitnPT0mdmFsaWRtaW51dGVzPTI4ODAmaWQ9MDkzZDcyMGEtNTAyYy00MWVkLWE4MGYtMmI4MTY5ODRmYjk1LDg5NzQxZmVjLTFkMzMtNGMwMC1hZmNkLTNmZGFmZTBiNmEyZCwxNTJiZDUzOS02MjIwLTQ0MjctYTkxNS1iZjRiZDA2OGQ3ZTgsYTY5OWI4M2YtODI2Yi00ZDk5LTkzNjEtYzhhMzEzMjE4ZDQ2LDAsOjpmZmZmOjEwLjAuMC41
#EXTINF:0,LangLab
https://ottcdn.kablowebtv.net/live_turksat_sub3/langlab_stream/index.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNC8yMDI1IDY6MTU6MTAgUE0maGFzaF92YWx1ZT1WUEx0ZHVOZ2x4RVN2dzVvQk1OeitnPT0mdmFsaWRtaW51dGVzPTI4ODAmaWQ9MDkzZDcyMGEtNTAyYy00MWVkLWE4MGYtMmI4MTY5ODRmYjk1LDg5NzQxZmVjLTFkMzMtNGMwMC1hZmNkLTNmZGFmZTBiNmEyZCwxNTJiZDUzOS02MjIwLTQ0MjctYTkxNS1iZjRiZDA2OGQ3ZTgsYTY5OWI4M2YtODI2Yi00ZDk5LTkzNjEtYzhhMzEzMjE4ZDQ2LDAsOjpmZmZmOjEwLjAuMC41
#EXTINF:0,Lider Haber
https://ottcdn.kablowebtv.net/live_turksat_sub3/liderhaber_stream/index.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNC8yMDI1IDY6MTU6MTAgUE0maGFzaF92YWx1ZT1WUEx0ZHVOZ2x4RVN2dzVvQk1OeitnPT0mdmFsaWRtaW51dGVzPTI4ODAmaWQ9MDkzZDcyMGEtNTAyYy00MWVkLWE4MGYtMmI4MTY5ODRmYjk1LDg5NzQxZmVjLTFkMzMtNGMwMC1hZmNkLTNmZGFmZTBiNmEyZCwxNTJiZDUzOS02MjIwLTQ0MjctYTkxNS1iZjRiZDA2OGQ3ZTgsYTY5OWI4M2YtODI2Yi00ZDk5LTkzNjEtYzhhMzEzMjE4ZDQ2LDAsOjpmZmZmOjEwLjAuMC41
#EXTINF:0,LingoToons
https://ottcdn.kablowebtv.net/live_turksat_sub3/lingotoons_stream/index.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNC8yMDI1IDY6MTU6MTAgUE0maGFzaF92YWx1ZT1WUEx0ZHVOZ2x4RVN2dzVvQk1OeitnPT0mdmFsaWRtaW51dGVzPTI4ODAmaWQ9MDkzZDcyMGEtNTAyYy00MWVkLWE4MGYtMmI4MTY5ODRmYjk1LDg5NzQxZmVjLTFkMzMtNGMwMC1hZmNkLTNmZGFmZTBiNmEyZCwxNTJiZDUzOS02MjIwLTQ0MjctYTkxNS1iZjRiZDA2OGQ3ZTgsYTY5OWI4M2YtODI2Yi00ZDk5LTkzNjEtYzhhMzEzMjE4ZDQ2LDAsOjpmZmZmOjEwLjAuMC41
#EXTINF:0,Love Nature
https://ottcdn.kablowebtv.net/live_turksat_sub3/lovenaturehd_stream/index.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNC8yMDI1IDY6MTU6MTAgUE0maGFzaF92YWx1ZT1WUEx0ZHVOZ2x4RVN2dzVvQk1OeitnPT0mdmFsaWRtaW51dGVzPTI4ODAmaWQ9MDkzZDcyMGEtNTAyYy00MWVkLWE4MGYtMmI4MTY5ODRmYjk1LDg5NzQxZmVjLTFkMzMtNGMwMC1hZmNkLTNmZGFmZTBiNmEyZCwxNTJiZDUzOS02MjIwLTQ0MjctYTkxNS1iZjRiZDA2OGQ3ZTgsYTY5OWI4M2YtODI2Yi00ZDk5LTkzNjEtYzhhMzEzMjE4ZDQ2LDAsOjpmZmZmOjEwLjAuMC41
#EXTINF:0,Mezzo
https://ottcdn.kablowebtv.net/live_turksat_sub3/mezzohd_stream/index.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNC8yMDI1IDY6MTU6MTAgUE0maGFzaF92YWx1ZT1WUEx0ZHVOZ2x4RVN2dzVvQk1OeitnPT0mdmFsaWRtaW51dGVzPTI4ODAmaWQ9MDkzZDcyMGEtNTAyYy00MWVkLWE4MGYtMmI4MTY5ODRmYjk1LDg5NzQxZmVjLTFkMzMtNGMwMC1hZmNkLTNmZGFmZTBiNmEyZCwxNTJiZDUzOS02MjIwLTQ0MjctYTkxNS1iZjRiZDA2OGQ3ZTgsYTY5OWI4M2YtODI2Yi00ZDk5LTkzNjEtYzhhMzEzMjE4ZDQ2LDAsOjpmZmZmOjEwLjAuMC41
#EXTINF:0,Minika Go
https://ottcdn.kablowebtv.net/live_turksat_sub3/minikago_stream/index.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNC8yMDI1IDY6MTU6MTAgUE0maGFzaF92YWx1ZT1WUEx0ZHVOZ2x4RVN2dzVvQk1OeitnPT0mdmFsaWRtaW51dGVzPTI4ODAmaWQ9MDkzZDcyMGEtNTAyYy00MWVkLWE4MGYtMmI4MTY5ODRmYjk1LDg5NzQxZmVjLTFkMzMtNGMwMC1hZmNkLTNmZGFmZTBiNmEyZCwxNTJiZDUzOS02MjIwLTQ0MjctYTkxNS1iZjRiZDA2OGQ3ZTgsYTY5OWI4M2YtODI2Yi00ZDk5LTkzNjEtYzhhMzEzMjE4ZDQ2LDAsOjpmZmZmOjEwLjAuMC41
#EXTINF:0,Minika  ocuk
https://ottcdn.kablowebtv.net/live_turksat_sub3/minikacocuk_stream/index.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNC8yMDI1IDY6MTU6MTAgUE0maGFzaF92YWx1ZT1WUEx0ZHVOZ2x4RVN2dzVvQk1OeitnPT0mdmFsaWRtaW51dGVzPTI4ODAmaWQ9MDkzZDcyMGEtNTAyYy00MWVkLWE4MGYtMmI4MTY5ODRmYjk1LDg5NzQxZmVjLTFkMzMtNGMwMC1hZmNkLTNmZGFmZTBiNmEyZCwxNTJiZDUzOS02MjIwLTQ0MjctYTkxNS1iZjRiZDA2OGQ3ZTgsYTY5OWI4M2YtODI2Yi00ZDk5LTkzNjEtYzhhMzEzMjE4ZDQ2LDAsOjpmZmZmOjEwLjAuMC41
#EXTINF:0,Moonbug
https://ottcdn.kablowebtv.net/live_turksat_sub3/moonbugkids_stream/index.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNC8yMDI1IDY6MTU6MTAgUE0maGFzaF92YWx1ZT1WUEx0ZHVOZ2x4RVN2dzVvQk1OeitnPT0mdmFsaWRtaW51dGVzPTI4ODAmaWQ9MDkzZDcyMGEtNTAyYy00MWVkLWE4MGYtMmI4MTY5ODRmYjk1LDg5NzQxZmVjLTFkMzMtNGMwMC1hZmNkLTNmZGFmZTBiNmEyZCwxNTJiZDUzOS02MjIwLTQ0MjctYTkxNS1iZjRiZDA2OGQ3ZTgsYTY5OWI4M2YtODI2Yi00ZDk5LTkzNjEtYzhhMzEzMjE4ZDQ2LDAsOjpmZmZmOjEwLjAuMC41
#EXTINF:0,Myzen Tv
https://ottcdn.kablowebtv.net/live_turksat_sub3/myzen_stream/index.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNC8yMDI1IDY6MTU6MTAgUE0maGFzaF92YWx1ZT1WUEx0ZHVOZ2x4RVN2dzVvQk1OeitnPT0mdmFsaWRtaW51dGVzPTI4ODAmaWQ9MDkzZDcyMGEtNTAyYy00MWVkLWE4MGYtMmI4MTY5ODRmYjk1LDg5NzQxZmVjLTFkMzMtNGMwMC1hZmNkLTNmZGFmZTBiNmEyZCwxNTJiZDUzOS02MjIwLTQ0MjctYTkxNS1iZjRiZDA2OGQ3ZTgsYTY5OWI4M2YtODI2Yi00ZDk5LTkzNjEtYzhhMzEzMjE4ZDQ2LDAsOjpmZmZmOjEwLjAuMC41
#EXTINF:0,National Geographic
https://ottcdn.kablowebtv.net/live_turksat_sub3/natgeo_stream/index.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNC8yMDI1IDY6MTU6MTAgUE0maGFzaF92YWx1ZT1WUEx0ZHVOZ2x4RVN2dzVvQk1OeitnPT0mdmFsaWRtaW51dGVzPTI4ODAmaWQ9MDkzZDcyMGEtNTAyYy00MWVkLWE4MGYtMmI4MTY5ODRmYjk1LDg5NzQxZmVjLTFkMzMtNGMwMC1hZmNkLTNmZGFmZTBiNmEyZCwxNTJiZDUzOS02MjIwLTQ0MjctYTkxNS1iZjRiZDA2OGQ3ZTgsYTY5OWI4M2YtODI2Yi00ZDk5LTkzNjEtYzhhMzEzMjE4ZDQ2LDAsOjpmZmZmOjEwLjAuMC41
#EXTINF:0,National Geographic Wild
https://ottcdn.kablowebtv.net/live_turksat_sub3/natgeowild_stream/index.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNC8yMDI1IDY6MTU6MTAgUE0maGFzaF92YWx1ZT1WUEx0ZHVOZ2x4RVN2dzVvQk1OeitnPT0mdmFsaWRtaW51dGVzPTI4ODAmaWQ9MDkzZDcyMGEtNTAyYy00MWVkLWE4MGYtMmI4MTY5ODRmYjk1LDg5NzQxZmVjLTFkMzMtNGMwMC1hZmNkLTNmZGFmZTBiNmEyZCwxNTJiZDUzOS02MjIwLTQ0MjctYTkxNS1iZjRiZDA2OGQ3ZTgsYTY5OWI4M2YtODI2Yi00ZDk5LTkzNjEtYzhhMzEzMjE4ZDQ2LDAsOjpmZmZmOjEwLjAuMC41
#EXTINF:0,Nba Tv
https://ottcdn.kablowebtv.net/live_turksat_sub3/nbatv_stream/index.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNC8yMDI1IDY6MTU6MTAgUE0maGFzaF92YWx1ZT1WUEx0ZHVOZ2x4RVN2dzVvQk1OeitnPT0mdmFsaWRtaW51dGVzPTI4ODAmaWQ9MDkzZDcyMGEtNTAyYy00MWVkLWE4MGYtMmI4MTY5ODRmYjk1LDg5NzQxZmVjLTFkMzMtNGMwMC1hZmNkLTNmZGFmZTBiNmEyZCwxNTJiZDUzOS02MjIwLTQ0MjctYTkxNS1iZjRiZDA2OGQ3ZTgsYTY5OWI4M2YtODI2Yi00ZDk5LTkzNjEtYzhhMzEzMjE4ZDQ2LDAsOjpmZmZmOjEwLjAuMC41
#EXTINF:0,Nhk World
https://ottcdn.kablowebtv.net/live_turksat_sub3/nhkworld_stream/index.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNC8yMDI1IDY6MTU6MTAgUE0maGFzaF92YWx1ZT1WUEx0ZHVOZ2x4RVN2dzVvQk1OeitnPT0mdmFsaWRtaW51dGVzPTI4ODAmaWQ9MDkzZDcyMGEtNTAyYy00MWVkLWE4MGYtMmI4MTY5ODRmYjk1LDg5NzQxZmVjLTFkMzMtNGMwMC1hZmNkLTNmZGFmZTBiNmEyZCwxNTJiZDUzOS02MjIwLTQ0MjctYTkxNS1iZjRiZDA2OGQ3ZTgsYTY5OWI4M2YtODI2Yi00ZDk5LTkzNjEtYzhhMzEzMjE4ZDQ2LDAsOjpmZmZmOjEwLjAuMC41
#EXTINF:0,Now  
https://ottcdn.kablowebtv.net/live_turksat_sub3/now_stream/index.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNC8yMDI1IDY6MTU6MTAgUE0maGFzaF92YWx1ZT1WUEx0ZHVOZ2x4RVN2dzVvQk1OeitnPT0mdmFsaWRtaW51dGVzPTI4ODAmaWQ9MDkzZDcyMGEtNTAyYy00MWVkLWE4MGYtMmI4MTY5ODRmYjk1LDg5NzQxZmVjLTFkMzMtNGMwMC1hZmNkLTNmZGFmZTBiNmEyZCwxNTJiZDUzOS02MjIwLTQ0MjctYTkxNS1iZjRiZDA2OGQ3ZTgsYTY5OWI4M2YtODI2Yi00ZDk5LTkzNjEtYzhhMzEzMjE4ZDQ2LDAsOjpmZmZmOjEwLjAuMC41
#EXTINF:0,Ntv    
https://ottcdn.kablowebtv.net/live_turksat_sub3/ntv_stream/index.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNC8yMDI1IDY6MTU6MTAgUE0maGFzaF92YWx1ZT1WUEx0ZHVOZ2x4RVN2dzVvQk1OeitnPT0mdmFsaWRtaW51dGVzPTI4ODAmaWQ9MDkzZDcyMGEtNTAyYy00MWVkLWE4MGYtMmI4MTY5ODRmYjk1LDg5NzQxZmVjLTFkMzMtNGMwMC1hZmNkLTNmZGFmZTBiNmEyZCwxNTJiZDUzOS02MjIwLTQ0MjctYTkxNS1iZjRiZDA2OGQ3ZTgsYTY5OWI4M2YtODI2Yi00ZDk5LTkzNjEtYzhhMzEzMjE4ZDQ2LDAsOjpmZmZmOjEwLjAuMC41
#EXTINF:0,Planeta Rtr
https://ottcdn.kablowebtv.net/live_turksat_sub3/rtrplaneta_stream/index.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNC8yMDI1IDY6MTU6MTAgUE0maGFzaF92YWx1ZT1WUEx0ZHVOZ2x4RVN2dzVvQk1OeitnPT0mdmFsaWRtaW51dGVzPTI4ODAmaWQ9MDkzZDcyMGEtNTAyYy00MWVkLWE4MGYtMmI4MTY5ODRmYjk1LDg5NzQxZmVjLTFkMzMtNGMwMC1hZmNkLTNmZGFmZTBiNmEyZCwxNTJiZDUzOS02MjIwLTQ0MjctYTkxNS1iZjRiZDA2OGQ3ZTgsYTY5OWI4M2YtODI2Yi00ZDk5LTkzNjEtYzhhMzEzMjE4ZDQ2LDAsOjpmZmZmOjEwLjAuMC41
#EXTINF:0,Russia 24
https://ottcdn.kablowebtv.net/live_turksat_sub3/russia24_stream/index.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNC8yMDI1IDY6MTU6MTAgUE0maGFzaF92YWx1ZT1WUEx0ZHVOZ2x4RVN2dzVvQk1OeitnPT0mdmFsaWRtaW51dGVzPTI4ODAmaWQ9MDkzZDcyMGEtNTAyYy00MWVkLWE4MGYtMmI4MTY5ODRmYjk1LDg5NzQxZmVjLTFkMzMtNGMwMC1hZmNkLTNmZGFmZTBiNmEyZCwxNTJiZDUzOS02MjIwLTQ0MjctYTkxNS1iZjRiZDA2OGQ3ZTgsYTY5OWI4M2YtODI2Yi00ZDk5LTkzNjEtYzhhMzEzMjE4ZDQ2LDAsOjpmZmZmOjEwLjAuMC41
#EXTINF:0,S Sport
https://ottcdn.kablowebtv.net/live_turksat_sub3/ssport_stream/index.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNC8yMDI1IDY6MTU6MTAgUE0maGFzaF92YWx1ZT1WUEx0ZHVOZ2x4RVN2dzVvQk1OeitnPT0mdmFsaWRtaW51dGVzPTI4ODAmaWQ9MDkzZDcyMGEtNTAyYy00MWVkLWE4MGYtMmI4MTY5ODRmYjk1LDg5NzQxZmVjLTFkMzMtNGMwMC1hZmNkLTNmZGFmZTBiNmEyZCwxNTJiZDUzOS02MjIwLTQ0MjctYTkxNS1iZjRiZDA2OGQ3ZTgsYTY5OWI4M2YtODI2Yi00ZDk5LTkzNjEtYzhhMzEzMjE4ZDQ2LDAsOjpmZmZmOjEwLjAuMC41
#EXTINF:0,S Sport 2
https://ottcdn.kablowebtv.net/live_turksat_sub3/ssport2_stream/index.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNC8yMDI1IDY6MTU6MTAgUE0maGFzaF92YWx1ZT1WUEx0ZHVOZ2x4RVN2dzVvQk1OeitnPT0mdmFsaWRtaW51dGVzPTI4ODAmaWQ9MDkzZDcyMGEtNTAyYy00MWVkLWE4MGYtMmI4MTY5ODRmYjk1LDg5NzQxZmVjLTFkMzMtNGMwMC1hZmNkLTNmZGFmZTBiNmEyZCwxNTJiZDUzOS02MjIwLTQ0MjctYTkxNS1iZjRiZDA2OGQ3ZTgsYTY5OWI4M2YtODI2Yi00ZDk5LTkzNjEtYzhhMzEzMjE4ZDQ2LDAsOjpmZmZmOjEwLjAuMC41
#EXTINF:0,Saudi Tv
https://ottcdn.kablowebtv.net/live_turksat_sub3/sauditv_stream/index.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNC8yMDI1IDY6MTU6MTAgUE0maGFzaF92YWx1ZT1WUEx0ZHVOZ2x4RVN2dzVvQk1OeitnPT0mdmFsaWRtaW51dGVzPTI4ODAmaWQ9MDkzZDcyMGEtNTAyYy00MWVkLWE4MGYtMmI4MTY5ODRmYjk1LDg5NzQxZmVjLTFkMzMtNGMwMC1hZmNkLTNmZGFmZTBiNmEyZCwxNTJiZDUzOS02MjIwLTQ0MjctYTkxNS1iZjRiZDA2OGQ3ZTgsYTY5OWI4M2YtODI2Yi00ZDk5LTkzNjEtYzhhMzEzMjE4ZDQ2LDAsOjpmZmZmOjEwLjAuMC41
#EXTINF:0,Show TV
https://ottcdn.kablowebtv.net/live_turksat_sub3/showtv_stream/index.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNC8yMDI1IDY6MTU6MTAgUE0maGFzaF92YWx1ZT1WUEx0ZHVOZ2x4RVN2dzVvQk1OeitnPT0mdmFsaWRtaW51dGVzPTI4ODAmaWQ9MDkzZDcyMGEtNTAyYy00MWVkLWE4MGYtMmI4MTY5ODRmYjk1LDg5NzQxZmVjLTFkMzMtNGMwMC1hZmNkLTNmZGFmZTBiNmEyZCwxNTJiZDUzOS02MjIwLTQ0MjctYTkxNS1iZjRiZDA2OGQ3ZTgsYTY5OWI4M2YtODI2Yi00ZDk5LTkzNjEtYzhhMzEzMjE4ZDQ2LDAsOjpmZmZmOjEwLjAuMC41
#EXTINF:0,Sinema 1001
https://ottcdn.kablowebtv.net/live_turksat_sub3/sinema1001_stream/index.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNC8yMDI1IDY6MTU6MTAgUE0maGFzaF92YWx1ZT1WUEx0ZHVOZ2x4RVN2dzVvQk1OeitnPT0mdmFsaWRtaW51dGVzPTI4ODAmaWQ9MDkzZDcyMGEtNTAyYy00MWVkLWE4MGYtMmI4MTY5ODRmYjk1LDg5NzQxZmVjLTFkMzMtNGMwMC1hZmNkLTNmZGFmZTBiNmEyZCwxNTJiZDUzOS02MjIwLTQ0MjctYTkxNS1iZjRiZDA2OGQ3ZTgsYTY5OWI4M2YtODI2Yi00ZDk5LTkzNjEtYzhhMzEzMjE4ZDQ2LDAsOjpmZmZmOjEwLjAuMC41
#EXTINF:0,Sinema Aile
https://ottcdn.kablowebtv.net/live_turksat_sub/sinemaaile_stream/index.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNC8yMDI1IDY6MTU6MTAgUE0maGFzaF92YWx1ZT1WUEx0ZHVOZ2x4RVN2dzVvQk1OeitnPT0mdmFsaWRtaW51dGVzPTI4ODAmaWQ9MDkzZDcyMGEtNTAyYy00MWVkLWE4MGYtMmI4MTY5ODRmYjk1LDg5NzQxZmVjLTFkMzMtNGMwMC1hZmNkLTNmZGFmZTBiNmEyZCwxNTJiZDUzOS02MjIwLTQ0MjctYTkxNS1iZjRiZDA2OGQ3ZTgsYTY5OWI4M2YtODI2Yi00ZDk5LTkzNjEtYzhhMzEzMjE4ZDQ2LDAsOjpmZmZmOjEwLjAuMC41
#EXTINF:0,Sinema Aksiyon
https://ottcdn.kablowebtv.net/live_turksat_sub3/sinemaaksiyon_stream/index.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNC8yMDI1IDY6MTU6MTAgUE0maGFzaF92YWx1ZT1WUEx0ZHVOZ2x4RVN2dzVvQk1OeitnPT0mdmFsaWRtaW51dGVzPTI4ODAmaWQ9MDkzZDcyMGEtNTAyYy00MWVkLWE4MGYtMmI4MTY5ODRmYjk1LDg5NzQxZmVjLTFkMzMtNGMwMC1hZmNkLTNmZGFmZTBiNmEyZCwxNTJiZDUzOS02MjIwLTQ0MjctYTkxNS1iZjRiZDA2OGQ3ZTgsYTY5OWI4M2YtODI2Yi00ZDk5LTkzNjEtYzhhMzEzMjE4ZDQ2LDAsOjpmZmZmOjEwLjAuMC41
#EXTINF:0,Sinema Komedi
https://ottcdn.kablowebtv.net/live_turksat_sub3/sinemakomedi_stream/index.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNC8yMDI1IDY6MTU6MTAgUE0maGFzaF92YWx1ZT1WUEx0ZHVOZ2x4RVN2dzVvQk1OeitnPT0mdmFsaWRtaW51dGVzPTI4ODAmaWQ9MDkzZDcyMGEtNTAyYy00MWVkLWE4MGYtMmI4MTY5ODRmYjk1LDg5NzQxZmVjLTFkMzMtNGMwMC1hZmNkLTNmZGFmZTBiNmEyZCwxNTJiZDUzOS02MjIwLTQ0MjctYTkxNS1iZjRiZDA2OGQ3ZTgsYTY5OWI4M2YtODI2Yi00ZDk5LTkzNjEtYzhhMzEzMjE4ZDQ2LDAsOjpmZmZmOjEwLjAuMC41
#EXTINF:0,Sinema Yerli
https://ottcdn.kablowebtv.net/live_turksat_sub3/sinemayerli_stream/index.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNC8yMDI1IDY6MTU6MTAgUE0maGFzaF92YWx1ZT1WUEx0ZHVOZ2x4RVN2dzVvQk1OeitnPT0mdmFsaWRtaW51dGVzPTI4ODAmaWQ9MDkzZDcyMGEtNTAyYy00MWVkLWE4MGYtMmI4MTY5ODRmYjk1LDg5NzQxZmVjLTFkMzMtNGMwMC1hZmNkLTNmZGFmZTBiNmEyZCwxNTJiZDUzOS02MjIwLTQ0MjctYTkxNS1iZjRiZDA2OGQ3ZTgsYTY5OWI4M2YtODI2Yi00ZDk5LTkzNjEtYzhhMzEzMjE4ZDQ2LDAsOjpmZmZmOjEwLjAuMC41
#EXTINF:24,sinematvhd
https://ottcdn.kablowebtv.net/live_turksat_sub3/sinematv_stream/index.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNC8yMDI1IDY6MTU6MTAgUE0maGFzaF92YWx1ZT1WUEx0ZHVOZ2x4RVN2dzVvQk1OeitnPT0mdmFsaWRtaW51dGVzPTI4ODAmaWQ9MDkzZDcyMGEtNTAyYy00MWVkLWE4MGYtMmI4MTY5ODRmYjk1LDg5NzQxZmVjLTFkMzMtNGMwMC1hZmNkLTNmZGFmZTBiNmEyZCwxNTJiZDUzOS02MjIwLTQ0MjctYTkxNS1iZjRiZDA2OGQ3ZTgsYTY5OWI4M2YtODI2Yi00ZDk5LTkzNjEtYzhhMzEzMjE4ZDQ2LDAsOjpmZmZmOjEwLjAuMC41
#EXTINF:0,Spacetoon
https://ottcdn.kablowebtv.net/live_turksat_sub3/spacetoon_stream/index.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNC8yMDI1IDY6MTU6MTAgUE0maGFzaF92YWx1ZT1WUEx0ZHVOZ2x4RVN2dzVvQk1OeitnPT0mdmFsaWRtaW51dGVzPTI4ODAmaWQ9MDkzZDcyMGEtNTAyYy00MWVkLWE4MGYtMmI4MTY5ODRmYjk1LDg5NzQxZmVjLTFkMzMtNGMwMC1hZmNkLTNmZGFmZTBiNmEyZCwxNTJiZDUzOS02MjIwLTQ0MjctYTkxNS1iZjRiZDA2OGQ3ZTgsYTY5OWI4M2YtODI2Yi00ZDk5LTkzNjEtYzhhMzEzMjE4ZDQ2LDAsOjpmZmZmOjEwLjAuMC41
#EXTINF:0,Sports Tv
https://ottcdn.kablowebtv.net/live_turksat_sub3/sportstv_stream/index.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNC8yMDI1IDY6MTU6MTAgUE0maGFzaF92YWx1ZT1WUEx0ZHVOZ2x4RVN2dzVvQk1OeitnPT0mdmFsaWRtaW51dGVzPTI4ODAmaWQ9MDkzZDcyMGEtNTAyYy00MWVkLWE4MGYtMmI4MTY5ODRmYjk1LDg5NzQxZmVjLTFkMzMtNGMwMC1hZmNkLTNmZGFmZTBiNmEyZCwxNTJiZDUzOS02MjIwLTQ0MjctYTkxNS1iZjRiZDA2OGQ3ZTgsYTY5OWI4M2YtODI2Yi00ZDk5LTkzNjEtYzhhMzEzMjE4ZDQ2LDAsOjpmZmZmOjEwLjAuMC41
#EXTINF:0,Star 
https://ottcdn.kablowebtv.net/live_turksat_sub3/startv_stream/index.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNC8yMDI1IDY6MTU6MTAgUE0maGFzaF92YWx1ZT1WUEx0ZHVOZ2x4RVN2dzVvQk1OeitnPT0mdmFsaWRtaW51dGVzPTI4ODAmaWQ9MDkzZDcyMGEtNTAyYy00MWVkLWE4MGYtMmI4MTY5ODRmYjk1LDg5NzQxZmVjLTFkMzMtNGMwMC1hZmNkLTNmZGFmZTBiNmEyZCwxNTJiZDUzOS02MjIwLTQ0MjctYTkxNS1iZjRiZDA2OGQ3ZTgsYTY5OWI4M2YtODI2Yi00ZDk5LTkzNjEtYzhhMzEzMjE4ZDQ2LDAsOjpmZmZmOjEwLjAuMC41
#EXTINF:0,Szc Tv
https://ottcdn.kablowebtv.net/live_turksat_sub3/szctv_stream/index.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNC8yMDI1IDY6MTU6MTAgUE0maGFzaF92YWx1ZT1WUEx0ZHVOZ2x4RVN2dzVvQk1OeitnPT0mdmFsaWRtaW51dGVzPTI4ODAmaWQ9MDkzZDcyMGEtNTAyYy00MWVkLWE4MGYtMmI4MTY5ODRmYjk1LDg5NzQxZmVjLTFkMzMtNGMwMC1hZmNkLTNmZGFmZTBiNmEyZCwxNTJiZDUzOS02MjIwLTQ0MjctYTkxNS1iZjRiZDA2OGQ3ZTgsYTY5OWI4M2YtODI2Yi00ZDk5LTkzNjEtYzhhMzEzMjE4ZDQ2LDAsOjpmZmZmOjEwLjAuMC41
#EXTINF:0,Tarih Tv
https://ottcdn.kablowebtv.net/live_turksat_sub3/tarihtv_stream/index.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNC8yMDI1IDY6MTU6MTAgUE0maGFzaF92YWx1ZT1WUEx0ZHVOZ2x4RVN2dzVvQk1OeitnPT0mdmFsaWRtaW51dGVzPTI4ODAmaWQ9MDkzZDcyMGEtNTAyYy00MWVkLWE4MGYtMmI4MTY5ODRmYjk1LDg5NzQxZmVjLTFkMzMtNGMwMC1hZmNkLTNmZGFmZTBiNmEyZCwxNTJiZDUzOS02MjIwLTQ0MjctYTkxNS1iZjRiZDA2OGQ3ZTgsYTY5OWI4M2YtODI2Yi00ZDk5LTkzNjEtYzhhMzEzMjE4ZDQ2LDAsOjpmZmZmOjEwLjAuMC41
#EXTINF:0,Trt 3 - Tbmm
https://ottcdn.kablowebtv.net/live_turksat_sub3/trt3spor-tbmmtv_stream/index.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNC8yMDI1IDY6MTU6MTAgUE0maGFzaF92YWx1ZT1WUEx0ZHVOZ2x4RVN2dzVvQk1OeitnPT0mdmFsaWRtaW51dGVzPTI4ODAmaWQ9MDkzZDcyMGEtNTAyYy00MWVkLWE4MGYtMmI4MTY5ODRmYjk1LDg5NzQxZmVjLTFkMzMtNGMwMC1hZmNkLTNmZGFmZTBiNmEyZCwxNTJiZDUzOS02MjIwLTQ0MjctYTkxNS1iZjRiZDA2OGQ3ZTgsYTY5OWI4M2YtODI2Yi00ZDk5LTkzNjEtYzhhMzEzMjE4ZDQ2LDAsOjpmZmZmOjEwLjAuMC41
#EXTINF:0,Tele 1
https://ottcdn.kablowebtv.net/live_turksat_sub3/tele1_stream/index.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNC8yMDI1IDY6MTU6MTAgUE0maGFzaF92YWx1ZT1WUEx0ZHVOZ2x4RVN2dzVvQk1OeitnPT0mdmFsaWRtaW51dGVzPTI4ODAmaWQ9MDkzZDcyMGEtNTAyYy00MWVkLWE4MGYtMmI4MTY5ODRmYjk1LDg5NzQxZmVjLTFkMzMtNGMwMC1hZmNkLTNmZGFmZTBiNmEyZCwxNTJiZDUzOS02MjIwLTQ0MjctYTkxNS1iZjRiZDA2OGQ3ZTgsYTY5OWI4M2YtODI2Yi00ZDk5LTkzNjEtYzhhMzEzMjE4ZDQ2LDAsOjpmZmZmOjEwLjAuMC41
#EXTINF:0,Teve 2
https://ottcdn.kablowebtv.net/live_turksat_sub3/teve2_stream/index.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNC8yMDI1IDY6MTU6MTAgUE0maGFzaF92YWx1ZT1WUEx0ZHVOZ2x4RVN2dzVvQk1OeitnPT0mdmFsaWRtaW51dGVzPTI4ODAmaWQ9MDkzZDcyMGEtNTAyYy00MWVkLWE4MGYtMmI4MTY5ODRmYjk1LDg5NzQxZmVjLTFkMzMtNGMwMC1hZmNkLTNmZGFmZTBiNmEyZCwxNTJiZDUzOS02MjIwLTQ0MjctYTkxNS1iZjRiZDA2OGQ3ZTgsYTY5OWI4M2YtODI2Yi00ZDk5LTkzNjEtYzhhMzEzMjE4ZDQ2LDAsOjpmZmZmOjEwLjAuMC41
#EXTINF:0,Tgrt Haber 
https://ottcdn.kablowebtv.net/live_turksat_sub3/tgrthaber_stream/index.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNC8yMDI1IDY6MTU6MTAgUE0maGFzaF92YWx1ZT1WUEx0ZHVOZ2x4RVN2dzVvQk1OeitnPT0mdmFsaWRtaW51dGVzPTI4ODAmaWQ9MDkzZDcyMGEtNTAyYy00MWVkLWE4MGYtMmI4MTY5ODRmYjk1LDg5NzQxZmVjLTFkMzMtNGMwMC1hZmNkLTNmZGFmZTBiNmEyZCwxNTJiZDUzOS02MjIwLTQ0MjctYTkxNS1iZjRiZDA2OGQ3ZTgsYTY5OWI4M2YtODI2Yi00ZDk5LTkzNjEtYzhhMzEzMjE4ZDQ2LDAsOjpmZmZmOjEwLjAuMC41
#EXTINF:0,TH T rk Haber
https://ottcdn.kablowebtv.net/live_turksat_sub3/thturkhaber_stream/index.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNC8yMDI1IDY6MTU6MTAgUE0maGFzaF92YWx1ZT1WUEx0ZHVOZ2x4RVN2dzVvQk1OeitnPT0mdmFsaWRtaW51dGVzPTI4ODAmaWQ9MDkzZDcyMGEtNTAyYy00MWVkLWE4MGYtMmI4MTY5ODRmYjk1LDg5NzQxZmVjLTFkMzMtNGMwMC1hZmNkLTNmZGFmZTBiNmEyZCwxNTJiZDUzOS02MjIwLTQ0MjctYTkxNS1iZjRiZDA2OGQ3ZTgsYTY5OWI4M2YtODI2Yi00ZDk5LTkzNjEtYzhhMzEzMjE4ZDQ2LDAsOjpmZmZmOjEwLjAuMC41
#EXTINF:0,TinyTeen
https://ottcdn.kablowebtv.net/live_turksat_sub3/tinyteen_stream/index.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNC8yMDI1IDY6MTU6MTAgUE0maGFzaF92YWx1ZT1WUEx0ZHVOZ2x4RVN2dzVvQk1OeitnPT0mdmFsaWRtaW51dGVzPTI4ODAmaWQ9MDkzZDcyMGEtNTAyYy00MWVkLWE4MGYtMmI4MTY5ODRmYjk1LDg5NzQxZmVjLTFkMzMtNGMwMC1hZmNkLTNmZGFmZTBiNmEyZCwxNTJiZDUzOS02MjIwLTQ0MjctYTkxNS1iZjRiZDA2OGQ3ZTgsYTY5OWI4M2YtODI2Yi00ZDk5LTkzNjEtYzhhMzEzMjE4ZDQ2LDAsOjpmZmZmOjEwLjAuMC41
#EXTINF:0,Tivi 6
https://ottcdn.kablowebtv.net/live_turksat_sub3/tivi6_stream/index.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNC8yMDI1IDY6MTU6MTAgUE0maGFzaF92YWx1ZT1WUEx0ZHVOZ2x4RVN2dzVvQk1OeitnPT0mdmFsaWRtaW51dGVzPTI4ODAmaWQ9MDkzZDcyMGEtNTAyYy00MWVkLWE4MGYtMmI4MTY5ODRmYjk1LDg5NzQxZmVjLTFkMzMtNGMwMC1hZmNkLTNmZGFmZTBiNmEyZCwxNTJiZDUzOS02MjIwLTQ0MjctYTkxNS1iZjRiZDA2OGQ3ZTgsYTY5OWI4M2YtODI2Yi00ZDk5LTkzNjEtYzhhMzEzMjE4ZDQ2LDAsOjpmZmZmOjEwLjAuMC41
#EXTINF:0,Tlc    
https://ottcdn.kablowebtv.net/live_turksat_sub3/tlc_stream/index.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNC8yMDI1IDY6MTU6MTAgUE0maGFzaF92YWx1ZT1WUEx0ZHVOZ2x4RVN2dzVvQk1OeitnPT0mdmFsaWRtaW51dGVzPTI4ODAmaWQ9MDkzZDcyMGEtNTAyYy00MWVkLWE4MGYtMmI4MTY5ODRmYjk1LDg5NzQxZmVjLTFkMzMtNGMwMC1hZmNkLTNmZGFmZTBiNmEyZCwxNTJiZDUzOS02MjIwLTQ0MjctYTkxNS1iZjRiZDA2OGQ3ZTgsYTY5OWI4M2YtODI2Yi00ZDk5LTkzNjEtYzhhMzEzMjE4ZDQ2LDAsOjpmZmZmOjEwLjAuMC41
#EXTINF:0,Tmb  
https://ottcdn.kablowebtv.net/live_turksat_sub3/tmb_stream/index.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNC8yMDI1IDY6MTU6MTAgUE0maGFzaF92YWx1ZT1WUEx0ZHVOZ2x4RVN2dzVvQk1OeitnPT0mdmFsaWRtaW51dGVzPTI4ODAmaWQ9MDkzZDcyMGEtNTAyYy00MWVkLWE4MGYtMmI4MTY5ODRmYjk1LDg5NzQxZmVjLTFkMzMtNGMwMC1hZmNkLTNmZGFmZTBiNmEyZCwxNTJiZDUzOS02MjIwLTQ0MjctYTkxNS1iZjRiZDA2OGQ3ZTgsYTY5OWI4M2YtODI2Yi00ZDk5LTkzNjEtYzhhMzEzMjE4ZDQ2LDAsOjpmZmZmOjEwLjAuMC41
#EXTINF:0,Trace Sports Stars
https://ottcdn.kablowebtv.net/live_turksat_sub3/tracesport_stream/index.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNC8yMDI1IDY6MTU6MTAgUE0maGFzaF92YWx1ZT1WUEx0ZHVOZ2x4RVN2dzVvQk1OeitnPT0mdmFsaWRtaW51dGVzPTI4ODAmaWQ9MDkzZDcyMGEtNTAyYy00MWVkLWE4MGYtMmI4MTY5ODRmYjk1LDg5NzQxZmVjLTFkMzMtNGMwMC1hZmNkLTNmZGFmZTBiNmEyZCwxNTJiZDUzOS02MjIwLTQ0MjctYTkxNS1iZjRiZDA2OGQ3ZTgsYTY5OWI4M2YtODI2Yi00ZDk5LTkzNjEtYzhhMzEzMjE4ZDQ2LDAsOjpmZmZmOjEwLjAuMC41
#EXTINF:0,Trace Urban
https://ottcdn.kablowebtv.net/live_turksat_sub3/traceurban_stream/index.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNC8yMDI1IDY6MTU6MTAgUE0maGFzaF92YWx1ZT1WUEx0ZHVOZ2x4RVN2dzVvQk1OeitnPT0mdmFsaWRtaW51dGVzPTI4ODAmaWQ9MDkzZDcyMGEtNTAyYy00MWVkLWE4MGYtMmI4MTY5ODRmYjk1LDg5NzQxZmVjLTFkMzMtNGMwMC1hZmNkLTNmZGFmZTBiNmEyZCwxNTJiZDUzOS02MjIwLTQ0MjctYTkxNS1iZjRiZDA2OGQ3ZTgsYTY5OWI4M2YtODI2Yi00ZDk5LTkzNjEtYzhhMzEzMjE4ZDQ2LDAsOjpmZmZmOjEwLjAuMC41
#EXTINF:0,Trt 1
https://ottcdn.kablowebtv.net/live_turksat_sub3/trt1_stream/index.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNC8yMDI1IDY6MTU6MTAgUE0maGFzaF92YWx1ZT1WUEx0ZHVOZ2x4RVN2dzVvQk1OeitnPT0mdmFsaWRtaW51dGVzPTI4ODAmaWQ9MDkzZDcyMGEtNTAyYy00MWVkLWE4MGYtMmI4MTY5ODRmYjk1LDg5NzQxZmVjLTFkMzMtNGMwMC1hZmNkLTNmZGFmZTBiNmEyZCwxNTJiZDUzOS02MjIwLTQ0MjctYTkxNS1iZjRiZDA2OGQ3ZTgsYTY5OWI4M2YtODI2Yi00ZDk5LTkzNjEtYzhhMzEzMjE4ZDQ2LDAsOjpmZmZmOjEwLjAuMC41
#EXTINF:0,Trt 2   
https://ottcdn.kablowebtv.net/live_turksat_sub3/trt2_stream/index.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNC8yMDI1IDY6MTU6MTAgUE0maGFzaF92YWx1ZT1WUEx0ZHVOZ2x4RVN2dzVvQk1OeitnPT0mdmFsaWRtaW51dGVzPTI4ODAmaWQ9MDkzZDcyMGEtNTAyYy00MWVkLWE4MGYtMmI4MTY5ODRmYjk1LDg5NzQxZmVjLTFkMzMtNGMwMC1hZmNkLTNmZGFmZTBiNmEyZCwxNTJiZDUzOS02MjIwLTQ0MjctYTkxNS1iZjRiZDA2OGQ3ZTgsYTY5OWI4M2YtODI2Yi00ZDk5LTkzNjEtYzhhMzEzMjE4ZDQ2LDAsOjpmZmZmOjEwLjAuMC41
#EXTINF:0,TRT Arabia
https://ottcdn.kablowebtv.net/live_turksat_sub3/trtarabi_stream/index.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNC8yMDI1IDY6MTU6MTAgUE0maGFzaF92YWx1ZT1WUEx0ZHVOZ2x4RVN2dzVvQk1OeitnPT0mdmFsaWRtaW51dGVzPTI4ODAmaWQ9MDkzZDcyMGEtNTAyYy00MWVkLWE4MGYtMmI4MTY5ODRmYjk1LDg5NzQxZmVjLTFkMzMtNGMwMC1hZmNkLTNmZGFmZTBiNmEyZCwxNTJiZDUzOS02MjIwLTQ0MjctYTkxNS1iZjRiZDA2OGQ3ZTgsYTY5OWI4M2YtODI2Yi00ZDk5LTkzNjEtYzhhMzEzMjE4ZDQ2LDAsOjpmZmZmOjEwLjAuMC41
#EXTINF:0,Trt Avaz
https://ottcdn.kablowebtv.net/live_turksat_sub3/trtavaz_stream/index.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNC8yMDI1IDY6MTU6MTAgUE0maGFzaF92YWx1ZT1WUEx0ZHVOZ2x4RVN2dzVvQk1OeitnPT0mdmFsaWRtaW51dGVzPTI4ODAmaWQ9MDkzZDcyMGEtNTAyYy00MWVkLWE4MGYtMmI4MTY5ODRmYjk1LDg5NzQxZmVjLTFkMzMtNGMwMC1hZmNkLTNmZGFmZTBiNmEyZCwxNTJiZDUzOS02MjIwLTQ0MjctYTkxNS1iZjRiZDA2OGQ3ZTgsYTY5OWI4M2YtODI2Yi00ZDk5LTkzNjEtYzhhMzEzMjE4ZDQ2LDAsOjpmZmZmOjEwLjAuMC41
#EXTINF:0,Trt Belgesel  
https://ottcdn.kablowebtv.net/live_turksat_sub3/trtbelgesel_stream/index.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNC8yMDI1IDY6MTU6MTAgUE0maGFzaF92YWx1ZT1WUEx0ZHVOZ2x4RVN2dzVvQk1OeitnPT0mdmFsaWRtaW51dGVzPTI4ODAmaWQ9MDkzZDcyMGEtNTAyYy00MWVkLWE4MGYtMmI4MTY5ODRmYjk1LDg5NzQxZmVjLTFkMzMtNGMwMC1hZmNkLTNmZGFmZTBiNmEyZCwxNTJiZDUzOS02MjIwLTQ0MjctYTkxNS1iZjRiZDA2OGQ3ZTgsYTY5OWI4M2YtODI2Yi00ZDk5LTkzNjEtYzhhMzEzMjE4ZDQ2LDAsOjpmZmZmOjEwLjAuMC41
#EXTINF:0,Trt Diyanet  ocuk
https://ottcdn.kablowebtv.net/live_turksat_sub3/trtdiyanetcocuk_stream/index.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNC8yMDI1IDY6MTU6MTAgUE0maGFzaF92YWx1ZT1WUEx0ZHVOZ2x4RVN2dzVvQk1OeitnPT0mdmFsaWRtaW51dGVzPTI4ODAmaWQ9MDkzZDcyMGEtNTAyYy00MWVkLWE4MGYtMmI4MTY5ODRmYjk1LDg5NzQxZmVjLTFkMzMtNGMwMC1hZmNkLTNmZGFmZTBiNmEyZCwxNTJiZDUzOS02MjIwLTQ0MjctYTkxNS1iZjRiZDA2OGQ3ZTgsYTY5OWI4M2YtODI2Yi00ZDk5LTkzNjEtYzhhMzEzMjE4ZDQ2LDAsOjpmZmZmOjEwLjAuMC41
#EXTINF:0,Trt Eba TV
https://ottcdn.kablowebtv.net/live_turksat_sub3/trteba_stream/index.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNC8yMDI1IDY6MTU6MTAgUE0maGFzaF92YWx1ZT1WUEx0ZHVOZ2x4RVN2dzVvQk1OeitnPT0mdmFsaWRtaW51dGVzPTI4ODAmaWQ9MDkzZDcyMGEtNTAyYy00MWVkLWE4MGYtMmI4MTY5ODRmYjk1LDg5NzQxZmVjLTFkMzMtNGMwMC1hZmNkLTNmZGFmZTBiNmEyZCwxNTJiZDUzOS02MjIwLTQ0MjctYTkxNS1iZjRiZDA2OGQ3ZTgsYTY5OWI4M2YtODI2Yi00ZDk5LTkzNjEtYzhhMzEzMjE4ZDQ2LDAsOjpmZmZmOjEwLjAuMC41
#EXTINF:0,Trt Haber 
https://ottcdn.kablowebtv.net/live_turksat_sub3/trthaber_stream/index.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNC8yMDI1IDY6MTU6MTAgUE0maGFzaF92YWx1ZT1WUEx0ZHVOZ2x4RVN2dzVvQk1OeitnPT0mdmFsaWRtaW51dGVzPTI4ODAmaWQ9MDkzZDcyMGEtNTAyYy00MWVkLWE4MGYtMmI4MTY5ODRmYjk1LDg5NzQxZmVjLTFkMzMtNGMwMC1hZmNkLTNmZGFmZTBiNmEyZCwxNTJiZDUzOS02MjIwLTQ0MjctYTkxNS1iZjRiZDA2OGQ3ZTgsYTY5OWI4M2YtODI2Yi00ZDk5LTkzNjEtYzhhMzEzMjE4ZDQ2LDAsOjpmZmZmOjEwLjAuMC41
#EXTINF:0,Trt Kurdi
https://ottcdn.kablowebtv.net/live_turksat_sub3/trtkurdi_stream/index.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNC8yMDI1IDY6MTU6MTAgUE0maGFzaF92YWx1ZT1WUEx0ZHVOZ2x4RVN2dzVvQk1OeitnPT0mdmFsaWRtaW51dGVzPTI4ODAmaWQ9MDkzZDcyMGEtNTAyYy00MWVkLWE4MGYtMmI4MTY5ODRmYjk1LDg5NzQxZmVjLTFkMzMtNGMwMC1hZmNkLTNmZGFmZTBiNmEyZCwxNTJiZDUzOS02MjIwLTQ0MjctYTkxNS1iZjRiZDA2OGQ3ZTgsYTY5OWI4M2YtODI2Yi00ZDk5LTkzNjEtYzhhMzEzMjE4ZDQ2LDAsOjpmZmZmOjEwLjAuMC41
#EXTINF:0,Trt M zik
https://ottcdn.kablowebtv.net/live_turksat_sub3/trtmuzik_stream/index.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNC8yMDI1IDY6MTU6MTAgUE0maGFzaF92YWx1ZT1WUEx0ZHVOZ2x4RVN2dzVvQk1OeitnPT0mdmFsaWRtaW51dGVzPTI4ODAmaWQ9MDkzZDcyMGEtNTAyYy00MWVkLWE4MGYtMmI4MTY5ODRmYjk1LDg5NzQxZmVjLTFkMzMtNGMwMC1hZmNkLTNmZGFmZTBiNmEyZCwxNTJiZDUzOS02MjIwLTQ0MjctYTkxNS1iZjRiZDA2OGQ3ZTgsYTY5OWI4M2YtODI2Yi00ZDk5LTkzNjEtYzhhMzEzMjE4ZDQ2LDAsOjpmZmZmOjEwLjAuMC41
#EXTINF:0,Trt Spor  
https://ottcdn.kablowebtv.net/live_turksat_sub3/trtspor_stream/index.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNC8yMDI1IDY6MTU6MTAgUE0maGFzaF92YWx1ZT1WUEx0ZHVOZ2x4RVN2dzVvQk1OeitnPT0mdmFsaWRtaW51dGVzPTI4ODAmaWQ9MDkzZDcyMGEtNTAyYy00MWVkLWE4MGYtMmI4MTY5ODRmYjk1LDg5NzQxZmVjLTFkMzMtNGMwMC1hZmNkLTNmZGFmZTBiNmEyZCwxNTJiZDUzOS02MjIwLTQ0MjctYTkxNS1iZjRiZDA2OGQ3ZTgsYTY5OWI4M2YtODI2Yi00ZDk5LTkzNjEtYzhhMzEzMjE4ZDQ2LDAsOjpmZmZmOjEwLjAuMC41
#EXTINF:0,Trt Spor Yhttps://ottcdn.kablowebtv.net/live_turksat_sub3/trtsporyildiz_stream/index.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNC8yMDI1IDY6MTU6MTAgUE0maGFzaF92YWx1ZT1WUEx0ZHVOZ2x4RVN2dzVvQk1OeitnPT0mdmFsaWRtaW51dGVzPTI4ODAmaWQ9MDkzZDcyMGEtNTAyYy00MWVkLWE4MGYtMmI4MTY5ODRmYjk1LDg5NzQxZmVjLTFkMzMtNGMwMC1hZmNkLTNmZGFmZTBiNmEyZCwxNTJiZDUzOS02MjIwLTQ0MjctYTkxNS1iZjRiZDA2OGQ3ZTgsYTY5OWI4M2YtODI2Yi00ZDk5LTkzNjEtYzhhMzEzMjE4ZDQ2LDAsOjpmZmZmOjEwLjAuMC41
#EXTINF:0,Trt T rk
https://ottcdn.kablowebtv.net/live_turksat_sub3/trtturk_stream/index.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNC8yMDI1IDY6MTU6MTAgUE0maGFzaF92YWx1ZT1WUEx0ZHVOZ2x4RVN2dzVvQk1OeitnPT0mdmFsaWRtaW51dGVzPTI4ODAmaWQ9MDkzZDcyMGEtNTAyYy00MWVkLWE4MGYtMmI4MTY5ODRmYjk1LDg5NzQxZmVjLTFkMzMtNGMwMC1hZmNkLTNmZGFmZTBiNmEyZCwxNTJiZDUzOS02MjIwLTQ0MjctYTkxNS1iZjRiZDA2OGQ3ZTgsYTY5OWI4M2YtODI2Yi00ZDk5LTkzNjEtYzhhMzEzMjE4ZDQ2LDAsOjpmZmZmOjEwLjAuMC41
#EXTINF:0,TRT World
https://ottcdn.kablowebtv.net/live_turksat_sub3/trtworld/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNC8yMDI1IDY6MTU6MTAgUE0maGFzaF92YWx1ZT1WUEx0ZHVOZ2x4RVN2dzVvQk1OeitnPT0mdmFsaWRtaW51dGVzPTI4ODAmaWQ9MDkzZDcyMGEtNTAyYy00MWVkLWE4MGYtMmI4MTY5ODRmYjk1LDg5NzQxZmVjLTFkMzMtNGMwMC1hZmNkLTNmZGFmZTBiNmEyZCwxNTJiZDUzOS02MjIwLTQ0MjctYTkxNS1iZjRiZDA2OGQ3ZTgsYTY5OWI4M2YtODI2Yi00ZDk5LTkzNjEtYzhhMzEzMjE4ZDQ2LDAsOjpmZmZmOjEwLjAuMC41
#EXTINF:0,Trt  ocuk 
https://ottcdn.kablowebtv.net/live_turksat_sub3/trtcocuk_stream/index.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNC8yMDI1IDY6MTU6MTAgUE0maGFzaF92YWx1ZT1WUEx0ZHVOZ2x4RVN2dzVvQk1OeitnPT0mdmFsaWRtaW51dGVzPTI4ODAmaWQ9MDkzZDcyMGEtNTAyYy00MWVkLWE4MGYtMmI4MTY5ODRmYjk1LDg5NzQxZmVjLTFkMzMtNGMwMC1hZmNkLTNmZGFmZTBiNmEyZCwxNTJiZDUzOS02MjIwLTQ0MjctYTkxNS1iZjRiZDA2OGQ3ZTgsYTY5OWI4M2YtODI2Yi00ZDk5LTkzNjEtYzhhMzEzMjE4ZDQ2LDAsOjpmZmZmOjEwLjAuMC41
#EXTINF:0,Tv 100
https://ottcdn.kablowebtv.net/live_turksat_sub3/tv100_stream/index.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNC8yMDI1IDY6MTU6MTAgUE0maGFzaF92YWx1ZT1WUEx0ZHVOZ2x4RVN2dzVvQk1OeitnPT0mdmFsaWRtaW51dGVzPTI4ODAmaWQ9MDkzZDcyMGEtNTAyYy00MWVkLWE4MGYtMmI4MTY5ODRmYjk1LDg5NzQxZmVjLTFkMzMtNGMwMC1hZmNkLTNmZGFmZTBiNmEyZCwxNTJiZDUzOS02MjIwLTQ0MjctYTkxNS1iZjRiZDA2OGQ3ZTgsYTY5OWI4M2YtODI2Yi00ZDk5LTkzNjEtYzhhMzEzMjE4ZDQ2LDAsOjpmZmZmOjEwLjAuMC41
#EXTINF:0,Tv 4    
https://ottcdn.kablowebtv.net/live_turksat_sub3/tv4_stream/index.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNC8yMDI1IDY6MTU6MTAgUE0maGFzaF92YWx1ZT1WUEx0ZHVOZ2x4RVN2dzVvQk1OeitnPT0mdmFsaWRtaW51dGVzPTI4ODAmaWQ9MDkzZDcyMGEtNTAyYy00MWVkLWE4MGYtMmI4MTY5ODRmYjk1LDg5NzQxZmVjLTFkMzMtNGMwMC1hZmNkLTNmZGFmZTBiNmEyZCwxNTJiZDUzOS02MjIwLTQ0MjctYTkxNS1iZjRiZDA2OGQ3ZTgsYTY5OWI4M2YtODI2Yi00ZDk5LTkzNjEtYzhhMzEzMjE4ZDQ2LDAsOjpmZmZmOjEwLjAuMC41
#EXTINF:0,TV 42
https://ottcdn.kablowebtv.net/live_turksat_sub3/tv42_stream/index.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNC8yMDI1IDY6MTU6MTAgUE0maGFzaF92YWx1ZT1WUEx0ZHVOZ2x4RVN2dzVvQk1OeitnPT0mdmFsaWRtaW51dGVzPTI4ODAmaWQ9MDkzZDcyMGEtNTAyYy00MWVkLWE4MGYtMmI4MTY5ODRmYjk1LDg5NzQxZmVjLTFkMzMtNGMwMC1hZmNkLTNmZGFmZTBiNmEyZCwxNTJiZDUzOS02MjIwLTQ0MjctYTkxNS1iZjRiZDA2OGQ3ZTgsYTY5OWI4M2YtODI2Yi00ZDk5LTkzNjEtYzhhMzEzMjE4ZDQ2LDAsOjpmZmZmOjEwLjAuMC41
#EXTINF:0,Tv 5 
https://ottcdn.kablowebtv.net/live_turksat_sub3/tv5_stream/index.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNC8yMDI1IDY6MTU6MTAgUE0maGFzaF92YWx1ZT1WUEx0ZHVOZ2x4RVN2dzVvQk1OeitnPT0mdmFsaWRtaW51dGVzPTI4ODAmaWQ9MDkzZDcyMGEtNTAyYy00MWVkLWE4MGYtMmI4MTY5ODRmYjk1LDg5NzQxZmVjLTFkMzMtNGMwMC1hZmNkLTNmZGFmZTBiNmEyZCwxNTJiZDUzOS02MjIwLTQ0MjctYTkxNS1iZjRiZDA2OGQ3ZTgsYTY5OWI4M2YtODI2Yi00ZDk5LTkzNjEtYzhhMzEzMjE4ZDQ2LDAsOjpmZmZmOjEwLjAuMC41
#EXTINF:0,Tv 8  
https://ottcdn.kablowebtv.net/live_turksat_sub3/tv8_stream/index.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNC8yMDI1IDY6MTU6MTAgUE0maGFzaF92YWx1ZT1WUEx0ZHVOZ2x4RVN2dzVvQk1OeitnPT0mdmFsaWRtaW51dGVzPTI4ODAmaWQ9MDkzZDcyMGEtNTAyYy00MWVkLWE4MGYtMmI4MTY5ODRmYjk1LDg5NzQxZmVjLTFkMzMtNGMwMC1hZmNkLTNmZGFmZTBiNmEyZCwxNTJiZDUzOS02MjIwLTQ0MjctYTkxNS1iZjRiZDA2OGQ3ZTgsYTY5OWI4M2YtODI2Yi00ZDk5LTkzNjEtYzhhMzEzMjE4ZDQ2LDAsOjpmZmZmOjEwLjAuMC41
#EXTINF:0,Tv5 Monde
https://ottcdn.kablowebtv.net/live_turksat_sub3/tv5mondeeurope_stream/index.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNC8yMDI1IDY6MTU6MTAgUE0maGFzaF92YWx1ZT1WUEx0ZHVOZ2x4RVN2dzVvQk1OeitnPT0mdmFsaWRtaW51dGVzPTI4ODAmaWQ9MDkzZDcyMGEtNTAyYy00MWVkLWE4MGYtMmI4MTY5ODRmYjk1LDg5NzQxZmVjLTFkMzMtNGMwMC1hZmNkLTNmZGFmZTBiNmEyZCwxNTJiZDUzOS02MjIwLTQ0MjctYTkxNS1iZjRiZDA2OGQ3ZTgsYTY5OWI4M2YtODI2Yi00ZDk5LTkzNjEtYzhhMzEzMjE4ZDQ2LDAsOjpmZmZmOjEwLjAuMC41
#EXTINF:0,Tvnet
https://ottcdn.kablowebtv.net/live_turksat_sub3/tvnet_stream/index.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNC8yMDI1IDY6MTU6MTAgUE0maGFzaF92YWx1ZT1WUEx0ZHVOZ2x4RVN2dzVvQk1OeitnPT0mdmFsaWRtaW51dGVzPTI4ODAmaWQ9MDkzZDcyMGEtNTAyYy00MWVkLWE4MGYtMmI4MTY5ODRmYjk1LDg5NzQxZmVjLTFkMzMtNGMwMC1hZmNkLTNmZGFmZTBiNmEyZCwxNTJiZDUzOS02MjIwLTQ0MjctYTkxNS1iZjRiZDA2OGQ3ZTgsYTY5OWI4M2YtODI2Yi00ZDk5LTkzNjEtYzhhMzEzMjE4ZDQ2LDAsOjpmZmZmOjEwLjAuMC41
#EXTINF:0,Tyt T rk
https://ottcdn.kablowebtv.net/live_turksat_sub3/tytturk_stream/index.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNC8yMDI1IDY6MTU6MTAgUE0maGFzaF92YWx1ZT1WUEx0ZHVOZ2x4RVN2dzVvQk1OeitnPT0mdmFsaWRtaW51dGVzPTI4ODAmaWQ9MDkzZDcyMGEtNTAyYy00MWVkLWE4MGYtMmI4MTY5ODRmYjk1LDg5NzQxZmVjLTFkMzMtNGMwMC1hZmNkLTNmZGFmZTBiNmEyZCwxNTJiZDUzOS02MjIwLTQ0MjctYTkxNS1iZjRiZDA2OGQ3ZTgsYTY5OWI4M2YtODI2Yi00ZDk5LTkzNjEtYzhhMzEzMjE4ZDQ2LDAsOjpmZmZmOjEwLjAuMC41
#EXTINF:0,T rkmeneli Tv
https://ottcdn.kablowebtv.net/live_turksat_sub3/turkmenelitv_stream/index.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNC8yMDI1IDY6MTU6MTAgUE0maGFzaF92YWx1ZT1WUEx0ZHVOZ2x4RVN2dzVvQk1OeitnPT0mdmFsaWRtaW51dGVzPTI4ODAmaWQ9MDkzZDcyMGEtNTAyYy00MWVkLWE4MGYtMmI4MTY5ODRmYjk1LDg5NzQxZmVjLTFkMzMtNGMwMC1hZmNkLTNmZGFmZTBiNmEyZCwxNTJiZDUzOS02MjIwLTQ0MjctYTkxNS1iZjRiZDA2OGQ3ZTgsYTY5OWI4M2YtODI2Yi00ZDk5LTkzNjEtYzhhMzEzMjE4ZDQ2LDAsOjpmZmZmOjEwLjAuMC41
#EXTINF:0,Ulusal Kanal
https://ottcdn.kablowebtv.net/live_turksat_sub3/ulusalkanal_stream/index.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNC8yMDI1IDY6MTU6MTAgUE0maGFzaF92YWx1ZT1WUEx0ZHVOZ2x4RVN2dzVvQk1OeitnPT0mdmFsaWRtaW51dGVzPTI4ODAmaWQ9MDkzZDcyMGEtNTAyYy00MWVkLWE4MGYtMmI4MTY5ODRmYjk1LDg5NzQxZmVjLTFkMzMtNGMwMC1hZmNkLTNmZGFmZTBiNmEyZCwxNTJiZDUzOS02MjIwLTQ0MjctYTkxNS1iZjRiZDA2OGQ3ZTgsYTY5OWI4M2YtODI2Yi00ZDk5LTkzNjEtYzhhMzEzMjE4ZDQ2LDAsOjpmZmZmOjEwLjAuMC41
#EXTINF:0,Vav Tv
https://ottcdn.kablowebtv.net/live_turksat_sub3/vavtv_stream/index.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNC8yMDI1IDY6MTU6MTAgUE0maGFzaF92YWx1ZT1WUEx0ZHVOZ2x4RVN2dzVvQk1OeitnPT0mdmFsaWRtaW51dGVzPTI4ODAmaWQ9MDkzZDcyMGEtNTAyYy00MWVkLWE4MGYtMmI4MTY5ODRmYjk1LDg5NzQxZmVjLTFkMzMtNGMwMC1hZmNkLTNmZGFmZTBiNmEyZCwxNTJiZDUzOS02MjIwLTQ0MjctYTkxNS1iZjRiZDA2OGQ3ZTgsYTY5OWI4M2YtODI2Yi00ZDk5LTkzNjEtYzhhMzEzMjE4ZDQ2LDAsOjpmZmZmOjEwLjAuMC41
#EXTINF:0,Viasat Explore
https://ottcdn.kablowebtv.net/live_turksat_sub3/viasatexplore_stream/index.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNC8yMDI1IDY6MTU6MTAgUE0maGFzaF92YWx1ZT1WUEx0ZHVOZ2x4RVN2dzVvQk1OeitnPT0mdmFsaWRtaW51dGVzPTI4ODAmaWQ9MDkzZDcyMGEtNTAyYy00MWVkLWE4MGYtMmI4MTY5ODRmYjk1LDg5NzQxZmVjLTFkMzMtNGMwMC1hZmNkLTNmZGFmZTBiNmEyZCwxNTJiZDUzOS02MjIwLTQ0MjctYTkxNS1iZjRiZDA2OGQ3ZTgsYTY5OWI4M2YtODI2Yi00ZDk5LTkzNjEtYzhhMzEzMjE4ZDQ2LDAsOjpmZmZmOjEwLjAuMC41
#EXTINF:0,Viasat History
https://ottcdn.kablowebtv.net/live_turksat_sub3/viasathistory_stream/index.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNC8yMDI1IDY6MTU6MTAgUE0maGFzaF92YWx1ZT1WUEx0ZHVOZ2x4RVN2dzVvQk1OeitnPT0mdmFsaWRtaW51dGVzPTI4ODAmaWQ9MDkzZDcyMGEtNTAyYy00MWVkLWE4MGYtMmI4MTY5ODRmYjk1LDg5NzQxZmVjLTFkMzMtNGMwMC1hZmNkLTNmZGFmZTBiNmEyZCwxNTJiZDUzOS02MjIwLTQ0MjctYTkxNS1iZjRiZDA2OGQ3ZTgsYTY5OWI4M2YtODI2Yi00ZDk5LTkzNjEtYzhhMzEzMjE4ZDQ2LDAsOjpmZmZmOjEwLjAuMC41
#EXTINF:0,W-Sport
https://ottcdn.kablowebtv.net/live_turksat_sub3/wsport_stream/index.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNC8yMDI1IDY6MTU6MTAgUE0maGFzaF92YWx1ZT1WUEx0ZHVOZ2x4RVN2dzVvQk1OeitnPT0mdmFsaWRtaW51dGVzPTI4ODAmaWQ9MDkzZDcyMGEtNTAyYy00MWVkLWE4MGYtMmI4MTY5ODRmYjk1LDg5NzQxZmVjLTFkMzMtNGMwMC1hZmNkLTNmZGFmZTBiNmEyZCwxNTJiZDUzOS02MjIwLTQ0MjctYTkxNS1iZjRiZDA2OGQ3ZTgsYTY5OWI4M2YtODI2Yi00ZDk5LTkzNjEtYzhhMzEzMjE4ZDQ2LDAsOjpmZmZmOjEwLjAuMC41
#EXTINF:0, lke Tv
https://ottcdn.kablowebtv.net/live_turksat_sub3/ulketv_stream/index.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9Ny8yNC8yMDI1IDY6MTU6MTAgUE0maGFzaF92YWx1ZT1WUEx0ZHVOZ2x4RVN2dzVvQk1OeitnPT0mdmFsaWRtaW51dGVzPTI4ODAmaWQ9MDkzZDcyMGEtNTAyYy00MWVkLWE4MGYtMmI4MTY5ODRmYjk1LDg5NzQxZmVjLTFkMzMtNGMwMC1hZmNkLTNmZGFmZTBiNmEyZCwxNTJiZDUzOS02MjIwLTQ0MjctYTkxNS1iZjRiZDA2OGQ3ZTgsYTY5OWI4M2YtODI2Yi00ZDk5LTkzNjEtYzhhMzEzMjE4ZDQ2LDAsOjpmZmZmOjEwLjAuMC41
